{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105\deflangfe4105{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red51\green153\blue51;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp80 \brdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp20 \cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs40                     SOLUTIONS IN FTfrtz \cf2\b0\fs18\par
\pard\cf3\fs24\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-LqFz]      \cf4 Liquid\cf3\par
LIQUID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 The is the liquid solution covering both the anhydrous and hydrous (< 80 wt.% H\sub 2\nosupersub O) range of composition for NH\sub 4\super +\nosupersub ,K\super +\nosupersub ,(Na\super +\nosupersub )//NO\sub 3\super -\nosupersub ,Cl\super -\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\super 2-\nosupersub ,H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\super -\nosupersub , H\sub 2\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\super 2-\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
The Modified Quasichemical Model in the Pair Approximation (cation-anion) is used, with hydrated cation (i.e. K(H\sub 2\nosupersub O)\sub n\super +\nosupersub ).  Neutral H\sub 2\nosupersub O is also present on both the anionic and cationic pseudo-sublattices.\par
\par
\cf1\b Warning\cf0\b0 : results at high water content (> 80 wt.%) may have large errors.  DO NOT USE SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH FTfrtz-LQCa.\par
\cf3\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-LQCa]      \cf4 LiqFrtz\cf3\par
LIQUID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 The is the liquid solution covering both the anhydrous and hydrous (< 80 wt.% H\sub 2\nosupersub O) range of composition for Ca\super 2+\nosupersub ,K\super +\nosupersub //NO\sub 3\super -\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
The Modified Quasichemical Model in the Pair Approximation (cation-anion) is used, with hydrated cation (i.e. Ca(H\sub 2\nosupersub O)\sub n\super 2+\nosupersub ).  Neutral H\sub 2\nosupersub O is also present on both the anionic and cationic pseudo-sublattices.\par
\cf3\par
\cf1\b Warning\cf0\b0 : results at high water content (> 80 wt.%) may have large errors.  DO NOT USE SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH FTfrtz-LqFz.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTfrtz-RHO_A]      \cf4 K1\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (Distorted thombohedral)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the high-temperature KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub  and NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-RHO_B]      \cf4 K1\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (Distorted thombohedral)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the high-temperature KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub , KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  and NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTfrtz-Pmcn_A]      \cf4 K2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (Orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the low-temperature KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub , NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub , and KCl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl and KCl.\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTfrtz-Pmcn_B]      \cf4 K2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (Orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the low-temperature KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl and KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  and NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTfrtz-R3m]           \cf4 K3\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (rhombohedral)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the low-temperature KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution.\par
\cf0\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-Pm3m_A]      \cf4 N1\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (BCC_B2 ordered CsCl structure)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub -NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl solid solution (with immiscibility) dissolving KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub  and NaCl.\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTfrtz-Pm3m_B]      \cf4 N1\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION (BCC_B2 ordered CsCl structure)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub -NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl solid solution (with immiscibility) dissolving KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  and (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTfrtz-P4bm]      \cf4 N2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON AMMONIUM NITRATE (Tetragonal)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub\endash\i N2\i0  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-Pbnm]      \cf4 N3\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON AMMONIUM NITRATE (Orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub\endash\i N3\i0  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-Pmmn]      \cf4 N4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON AMMONIUM NITRATE (Orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub\endash\i N4\i0  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl, KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\par
\cf0\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-P4.2]         \cf4 N5\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON AMMONIUM NITRATE (Tetragonal)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub NO\sub 3\nosupersub\endash\i N5\i0  solid solution dissolving NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl, NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub , KNO\sub 3\nosupersub , KCl and KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-Fm3m]      \cf4 Fm3m\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION (Rocksalt structure)\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 This is the NaCl-KCl-NH\sub 4\nosupersub Cl solid solution.\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-I42d]         \cf4 P1\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON HYDROGEN PHOSPHATES\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the NH\sub 4\nosupersub H\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub -KH\sub 2\nosupersub PO\sub 4\nosupersub  solid solution.\par
\cf0  \par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap (below 30\super o\nosupersub C). \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-NKSl]         \cf4 NKS-l\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON SULFATES (Orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  low-temperature solid solution.\par
\cf0  \par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTfrtz-NKSh]         \cf4 NKS-h\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON SULFATES (Distorted orthorhombic)\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  high-temperature solid solution.\par
\cf0  \par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2-phase miscibility gap. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-Beta]         \cf4 Beta\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON SULFATES \par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub   P63/mmc high-temperature solid solution.\par
\cf3\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-NS21]         \cf4\rdblquote B\rdblquote\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON SULFATES AND NITRATES\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 4\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub (NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub -K\sub 4\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub (NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub  solid solution.\par
\cf3\par
\par
\par
[FTfrtz-NS31]         \cf4\rdblquote A\rdblquote\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION BASED ON SULFATES AND NITRATES\par
\cf0\par
\cf6 This is the (NH\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 5\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub (NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 3\nosupersub -K\sub 5\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub (NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution.\par
}
 