{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105\deflangfe4105{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\qc\cf1\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 SOLUTIONS (OXIDES) IN FToxid\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0\b0\fs24\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAGA] A-Slag-liq\par
OXIDE  liquid/glass \par
\cf0\par
\b Oxides of: \par
Al, As, B, Ba, Ca, Co, Cr(II), Cr(III), Cu(I), Fe(II), Fe(III), Ge, K, Li, Mg, Mn(II), \par
Mn(III),\lang4105  Na, Ni, P, Pb, Si, Sn, Sr, Ti(III), Ti\lang1033 (IV), Zn, Zr + (S and F in dilute solution (<50%))\b0\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
\par
Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition ranges covered.  Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been assumed ideal or have been approximated. The sub-systems and composition ranges which have been evaluated and optimized are described in the following.  The most accurate calculations will be obtained in or near these sub-systems and composition ranges. \par
\par
\b (1) Major oxide components: Oxides of  Al,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Si\par
\b0\par
All major oxide components have been fully optimized and evaluated together at all compositions.  All available data for binary, ternary and quaternary sub-systems have been fully optimized. \par
\par
References: 2004, 2020, 2025, 2028, 2030, 2031, 2032, 2050,\cf3  \cf0 6009, 6020\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\ri-7\b (2) Oxides of  Mn, Co, Ni, Pb, Zn  with the major oxide components \par

\pard\widctlpar\ri-291       Al, Ca, Fe(II), Fe(III), Mg, Si\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
Most binary and many ternary sub-systems among these components and between these components and the major oxide components have been evaluated and optimized. Particularly in the composition region of fayalite slags, extensive optimizations have been carried out.  With NiO, the system CaO-MgO-NiO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  has recently been re-optimized.\par
\lang4105\par
\lang1033 References: 2002, 2008, 2012, 2015, 2018, 2019, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027,\par
2036, 2037, 2038, 2040, 6013, 6016, 6021, 6026, 6028, 6033, 6046, 2085, 2089,  2091, 2063, 2066, 2092, 2103\par
\par
\par
\b (3) Slags containing CrO and Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\b0     (i)  In the absence of SiO\sub 2\nosupersub :\par
          Oxides of: Al,Ca,Co,Cr(II),Cr(III),Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Ni,Zn\par
      \par
     This combination of components is of particular interest in hot corrosion.   \par
     This group of components has been extensively optimized together over most           \par
     composition regions where data are available.  The system MnO-Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -FeO-\par
     Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CrO-Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  has been partially evaluated/optimized.\par
\par
     (ii) In the presence of SiO\sub 2\nosupersub :\par
           Oxides of: Al,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Si + Cr(II),Cr(III)\par
       \par

\pard\widctlpar\li720 This group of components has been fully evaluated and optimized at all composition regions for the oxides of (Al,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Si) in the absence of Cr.  When Cr is present, all available data have been fully optimized for Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-CrO-Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  solutions and roughly optimized for CrO-Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -MgO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  solutions.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\lang1046 References: 2010, 2011, 2013, 2025, 2029, 2035, 2040, 6008, 6031, 2056\par
\par
\b (4) Slags containing As\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , Cu\sub 2\nosupersub O, SnO\par
\b0\par
\lang1033 Data have been optimized with the major oxide components only over limited composition ranges, generally for SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -rich slags and in the composition region of fayalite slags.\par
\par
References 4007, 4008, 4010, 6019\par
\par
\b (5) Slags containing TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\b0\par
Oxides of: Al,Ca,Fe(II),Mg,Si + K,Na,Mn(II),Ti(III),Ti(IV)\par
This group of components has been evaluated and optimized at all composition regions for the oxides of (Al,Ca,Fe(II),Mg,Si) in the absence of Ti.  In the presence of Ti, available data have been evaluated, but these data are limited.\par
\par
Note that slags containing Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  simultaneously with Ti have not been evaluated.  That is, calculations should be made with FToxid-SLAGA only under reducing conditions where Fe is present mainly as Fe(II), although reasonable calculations of the Fe(III) content can be obtained as long as the Fe(III) content is low.\par
\par
References: 2005, 2009, 2014, 2033, 2034, 2040, 2041, 2059\par
\par
\b (6) Slags containing ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\b0\par
Oxides of: Al,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Si + Mn(II),Ti(IV),Zr\par
This combination of components has been evaluated and optimized at all composition regions for the oxides of (Al,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Si) in the absence of Zr.  When Zr is present, the data have been fully optimized for all binary oxide solutions except Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub , for all ternaries and all higher order systems of the Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  system, and for quaternary Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub -ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  solutions (including all four ternary sub-systems). Best calculations, therefore, will be obtained in the Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -ZrO\sub 2 \nosupersub and Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub -ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  systems, at compositions in or near all binary systems, and at relatively low concentrations of  MnO, FeO and Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub . \par
References: 2108, 2109, 2110\par
\par
\b (7) Slags containing B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\b0\par

\pard\cbpat5\widctlpar\cf4 In the presence of B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , for the system Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-SrO-BaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Na\sub 2\nosupersub O \par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0 all available data have been re-evaluated and re-optimized for the Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-SrO-BaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  system including all ternary sub-systems and for the B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  system. The MnO-B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  system has recently been optimized.\par
\par
When boron is present, there may be multiple miscibility gaps. (Use J option.)\par
\par
References:  2044, 2055, 2045, 2046\par
\par
\b (8) Slags containing GeO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\b0\par
GeO\sub 2\nosupersub  has not been evaluated simultaneously with any slag component except SiO\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
The GeO\sub 2\nosupersub - SiO\sub 2 \nosupersub system has been evaluated over the entire composition range.   \par
\par
\lang1046 References: 2022\par
\par
\b (9) Slags containing Li\sub 2\nosupersub O, Na\sub 2\nosupersub O and K\sub 2\nosupersub O:\par
\b0\par
\lang1033 The systems Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-K\sub 2\nosupersub O-CaO-MgO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and Li\sub 2\nosupersub O-Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-CaO-MgO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  have recently been re-evaluated and re-optimized [Sergei A. Decterov and Eugene Jak; Youn-Bae Kang and In-Ho Jung; Dong-Geun Kim and In-Ho Jung; Bikram Konar and In-Ho Jung: unpublished work], as has the system Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  [2046]. The binary systems Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub O-TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  have been evaluated/optimized. The Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-FeO-Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  system has recently been optimized [Elmira Moosavi-Khoonsari and In-Ho Jung]. \par
However, only rough estimation can be made for the liquidus in multicomponent Li\sub 2\nosupersub O-, Na\sub 2\nosupersub O- and K\sub 2\nosupersub O-containing systems that are far from the optimized subsystems mentioned above.\par
\par
\par
References: 2003, 2005, 2006, 2046, 2047, 2072, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014\par
\par
\b (10) Systems containing BaO and SrO\par
\par
\b0 The system BaO-SrO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  has recently been optimized [Adarsh Shukla, Ph.D. Thesis, \'c9cole Polytechnique de Montr\'e9al].  The systems BaO-MnO and BaO-CaO-MnO have been optimized for calculating BaO behavior in CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -MnO slags for ferromanganese production [In-Ho Jung, unpublished work].\par
\par
\b (11) Systems containing P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\par
\par
\b0 For the system P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO-BaO-FeO\sub x\nosupersub -MnO-Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-K\sub 2\nosupersub O, all binary P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub -containing subsystems have been evaluated and optimized. In addition, the key subsystems CaO-MgO-P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub , CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub , CaO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  and CaO-FeO-Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  have been optimized and the subsystems Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-CaO-P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-MgO-P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  and Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  have been approximately evaluated. This can be used for evaluation of the P equilibria among liquid slag, iron/steel, gas.\par
\par
Liquidus calculations for P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub -containing systems that substantially deviate from the optimized subsystems mentioned above may be not accurate.\par
\par
References: 2074, 2078, 2079, 2080, 2117\par
\par
\b (12) Solubility of Sulfide: \par
\b0\par
The model used, and most of the optimizations, are described in the references below. Sulfur contents as sulfide will be calculated reasonably well for total sulfide contents up to about 12 weight %. Calculations are not accurate for slags/glasses with large Li\sub 2\nosupersub O or K\sub 2\nosupersub O contents. For slags containing large amounts of CrO, better calculations of sulfide solubility will be obtained with FToxid-SLAG?.  Output of EQUILIB will give sulfide grouped as the \ldblquote components\rdblquote  CaS, FeS, MgS, etc. This is only a formalism. The model actually treats sulfur as dissolved sulfide ion which is not associated with any particular cations.\par
\par
References: 2039, 2060, 2061, 2115, 2116\par
 \par
Complete list of references for FToxid-SLAGA:-\par
References: 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 References: 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028\par
References: 2029, 2030, 2031, 2032, 2035, 2036, 2037, 2038, 2039, 2040, 2042, 2043 References: 2044, 2045, 2046, 2047, 2050, 2051, 2055, 4007, 4008, 4010\par
References: 6008, 6009, 6013, 6016, 6019, 6020, 6021, 6026, 6028, 6033, 6046\par
\par
\b (13) Solubility of Fluoride:\par
\b0\par
The separate solution [FToxid-OXFL], Liq-Oxyfluoride, for oxide liquid/glass containing fluoride has been eliminated in FactSage 7.3 and replaced with FToxid-SLAGA.\par
\par
The thermodynamic properties of the liquid phase are most accurate for the (Ca,Mg,Li,Na,K,Al,Si//O,F) system, which can also contain minor amounts of Fe\super 2+\nosupersub , Fe\super 3+\nosupersub , Cr\super 2+\nosupersub , Cr\super 3+\nosupersub , Mn\super 2+\nosupersub , Mn\super 3+\nosupersub . \b Sulfide solubility\b0  in the (Ca,Mg,Na,Al,Si//O,F) system has also been tested. The database can calculate phase equilibria up to about 50% of fluorides+sulfides. However, it should be noted that many multicomponent fluoride and oxyfluoride solid solutions and stoichiometric compounds are not present in the FToxid database. The database can be used even for some binary fluoride systems without oxides, but it is less accurate than the FTsalt database.\par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-SLAGB] B-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing sulfate\par
\cf0\par
Oxides of: Al,As,B,Ca,Fe(III),K,Mg,Mn(II),Na,Ni,Pb,Si,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Zn,Zr\par
    + SO\sub 4\nosupersub  in dilute solution (< 10 weight %)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
\par
Note that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAGB.\par
\par
SO\sub 4\nosupersub  solubilities can be calculated for slags containing oxide components other than those in the above list by using FToxid-SLAG?. However, this is not recommended.\par
\par
Among the oxide components, not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition regions covered.  Scroll up to see the description of FToxid-SLAGA for more details.\par
\par
It is recommended that you calculate the solubilities of non-oxide components (S, F, Cl, SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,................. etc.) in a series of separate calculations using FToxid-SLAGA, SLAGB, SLAGC, etc. rather than trying to calculate all the solubilities simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?\par
\par
The model used and the optimizations are described in the references below. Total sulfate contents up to several weight percent can be calculated in slags when:\par
 \lang1046 [\i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  + \i X(K\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0 ] < 0.5 and X\sub Al2O3\nosupersub  < 0.5.\par
\par
\lang1033 Data were optimized only for:\par
\lang1046 Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\tab\tab\tab 0.2 < \i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  < 0.5\tab\tab\tab 1100-1300\super o\nosupersub C\par
CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\tab\tab various compositions\tab\tab\tab 1500-1650\super o\nosupersub C\par
SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -CaO-Na\sub 2\nosupersub O\tab\tab\i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  < 0.16, \i X(CaO)\i0  < 0.2\tab 1100-1200\super o\nosupersub C\par
\lang1033 Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  solubility in Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  solubility in acid slags\par
\par
For other components, calculations are \i a priori\i0  from the model. Output of Equilib gives sulfates grouped as \ldblquote components\rdblquote  Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , CaSO\sub 4\nosupersub , etc. This is only a formalism. The model treats dissolved sulfate ion as not associated with any particular cation.\par
\par
References: 2007, 2017\par
\par
\par
\cf2  [FToxid-SLAGC] C-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing phosphate\par
\cf0\par
\lang1053 SLAGC has been eliminated in FactSage 7.0. The solubility of P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  in oxide liquid/glass is now more accurately described by SLAGA.\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAGD] D-Slag-liq\par
\lang1033 Oxide liquid/glass containing carbonate\par
\cf0\par
\lang1046 Oxides of: Al,As,B,Ca,K,Mg,Na,Si,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Zr\par
    \lang1033 + CO\sub 3\nosupersub  in solution (< 40 weight %)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
\par
Note that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAGD.\par
\par
CO\sub 3\nosupersub  solubilities can be calculated for slags containing oxide components other than those in the list above by using FToxid-SLAG?. However, this is not recommended.\par
Among the oxide components, not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition regions covered.  Scroll up to see the description of FToxid-SLAGA for more details.\par
\par
It is recommended that you calculate the solubilities of non-oxide components (S, SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , etc.) in a series of separate calculations using FToxid-SLAGA, SLAGB, SLAGC,....................... etc. rather than trying to calculate all the solubilities simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?\par
\par
The model used and the optimizations are described in the reference below. Total carbonate up to nearly pure carbonate can be calculated in basic slags. Calculations will be best in basic slags.\par
\par
Data were optimized only for:\par
\lang1046 Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  at 1200\super o\nosupersub C for \i X(SiO2) \i0 / [\i X(M\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  + \i X(SiO\sub 2\nosupersub )\i0 ] < 0.5 where M = Na or K\par
CaO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  at 1500\super o\nosupersub C for \i X(CaO) \i0 / [\i X(CaO)\i0  + \i X(Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub )\i0 ] = 0.6 to 0.7\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  at 1200\super o\nosupersub C for \i X(SiO\sub 2\nosupersub ) \i0 / [\i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  + \i X(BO\sub 1.5\nosupersub )\i0 ] < 0.6\par
\par
\lang1033 at \i P(CO\sub 2\nosupersub )\i0  =1 atm. For other components calculations are \i a priori\i0  from the model. Output of Equilib gives carbonates grouped as \ldblquote components\rdblquote  Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub , etc. This is only a formalism. The model treats dissolved carbonate ion as not associated with any particular cation.\par
\par
References: 2007, 2017\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAGE] E-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing water/hydroxide\par
\cf0\par
\lang1046 Oxides of: Al,As,B,Ca,Fe(II),Fe(III),K,Mg,Mn(II),Na,Si,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Zn,Zr\par
    \lang1033 + OH/H\sub 2\nosupersub O in dilute solution (< 10 weight %)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
\par
Note that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAGE.\par
\par
Water/OH solubilities can be calculated for slags containing oxide components other than those in the list above by using FToxid-SLAG?. However, this is not recommended.\par
\par
Among the oxide components, not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition regions covered.  Scroll up to see the description of FToxid-SLAGA for more details.\par
\par
It is recommended that you calculate the solubilities of non-oxide components (S, SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , water/OH,................ etc.) in a series of separate calculations using FToxid-SLAGA, SLAGB, SLAGC, etc. rather than trying to calculate all the solubilities simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?.\par
\par
For basic slags, a model of OH solubility similar to that described in the references below is used. For acid slags, H\sub 2\nosupersub O is treated as a quasichemical component bonded to the silicate network. Total water content in dilute solution can be calculated for slags where:\par
\lang1046 [\i X(CaO)\i0  + \i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  + \i X(MgO)\i0 ] < 0.7 and \i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  < 0.5\par
\par
\par
\lang1033 Data were optimized only for:\par
\lang1046 Na\sub 2\nosupersub O-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\tab\tab\tab 0.1 < \i X(Na\sub 2\nosupersub O)\i0  < 0.5\tab\tab\tab 1300\super o\nosupersub C\par
CaO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\tab\tab\tab 0.5 < \i X(CaO)\i0  < 0.75\tab\tab\tab 1600-1700\super o\nosupersub C\par
CaO-SiO2\tab\tab\tab 0.3 < \i X(CaO)\i0  < 0.6\tab\tab\tab 1600\super o\nosupersub C\par
FeO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\tab\tab\tab 0.5 < \i X(FeO)\i0  < 1.0\tab\tab\tab 1600\super o\nosupersub C\par
CaO-MgO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\tab\tab 0.3 < \i X(SiO\sub 2\nosupersub )\i0  < 0.6\tab\par
CaO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
3CaO.SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  with Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  additions\par
Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -CaO-MgO\par
SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -CaO-FeO\par
CaO-MgO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -FeO                                                               1600\super o\nosupersub C\par
\par
\lang1033 For other components calculations are \i a priori\i0  from the model. Output of Equilib gives some dissolved water as the hydroxide \ldblquote components\rdblquote  NaOH, Ca(OH)\sub 2\nosupersub , etc. This is only a formalism. Hydroxide ion is treated as not associated with any particular cation. On output, some water is shown as the component H\sub 2\nosupersub O. This is the part of the total dissolved water which is modeled as bonded to the network.\par
\par
References: 2007, 2017, 2043\par
\par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-SLAGF] F-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing iodide\par
\cf0\par
Oxides of: Al,As,B,Ca,Fe(II),K,Mg,Mn(II),Na,Si,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Zr\par
    + I in dilute solution (< 10 weight %)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
\par
Note that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAGF.\par
\par
Iodide solubilities can be calculated for slags containing oxide components other than those in the list above by using FToxid-SLAG?. However, this is not recommended.\par
\par
Among the oxide components, not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition regions covered.  Scroll up to see the description of FToxid-SLAGA for more details.\par
\par
It is recommended that you calculate the solubilities of non-oxide components (S, I, SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , etc.) in a series of separate calculations using FToxid-SLAGA, SLAGB, SLAGC,...... etc. rather than trying to calculate all the solubilities simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?.\par
\par
The model used and optimizations are described in the reference below. Total iodide contents can be calculated up to a few weight percent. Calculations will be best in acidic slags. Data were optimized only for NaI solubilities in a 57 wt % SiO\sub 2\nosupersub , 5% B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , 20% Na\sub 2\nosupersub O, 12% Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , 4% CaO slag. Otherwise, calculations are \i a priori\i0  from the model.  Output of EQUILIB will give halides grouped as the \ldblquote components\rdblquote  NaI, CaI\sub 2\nosupersub , etc. This is only a formalism. The model actually considers dissolved iodide ions as not associated with any particular cations.\par
\par
References: 2007, 2017\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAGG] G-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing carbide, nitride and cyanide\par
\cf0\par
FToxid-SLAGG has been removed in FactSage 6.4.  For calculations of solubilities of C and N in oxide melts, use the FTOxCN database.\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAGH] H-Slag-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing fluoride and chloride\par
\par
\par
\cf0\par
Oxides of: Al,As,B,Ca,Co,Cr(II),Cr(III),Cu(I),Fe(II),Fe(III),Ge,K,Mg,Mn(II),Na,Ni,Pb,Si,Sn,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Zn,Zr + (F, Cl in dilute solution (<10%))\par
(The composition limit of CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  can be extended to approximately 50 mol% for calculations of the solidification path of cuspidine (3CaO)(2SiO\sub 2\nosupersub )(CaF\sub 2\nosupersub ) in the CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  ternary system.)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap at high SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  contents.  Use I option.\par
Oxyfluoride liquid Ca,Mg,Na,Al,Si,(K,Li)//O,F is more accurately described by FToxid-SLAGA, which can calculate simultaneously the solubility of fluorides and sulfides and can calculate phase equilibria up to 50% of fluorides plus sulfides. However, SLAGH allows calculating the solubility of fluorides and chlorides simultaneously. \par
\par
Note that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAGH. Furthermore, Li\sub 2\nosupersub O, SrO and BaO are not components of FToxid-SLAGH.\par
\par
Among the oxide components, not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized, nor are all composition regions covered.  Scroll up to see the description of FToxid-SLAGA for more details.\par
\par
It is recommended that you calculate the solubilities of non-oxide components (S, I, SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , etc.) in a series of separate calculations using FToxid-SLAGA, SLAGB, SLAGC,...... etc. rather than trying to calculate all the solubilities simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?.\par
\par
The model used and optimizations are described in the references below. Total chloride and fluoride contents can be calculated up to a few weight percent. Calculations will be best in acidic slags. For slags containing large amounts of CrO, Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  or Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , better calculations of chloride and fluoride solubilities will be obtained with FToxid-SLAG?.  Data were optimized only for NaCl, CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub ,  NaF, MgF\sub 2\nosupersub  and CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  solubilities in a 57 wt % SiO\sub 2\nosupersub , 5% B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , 20% Na\sub 2\nosupersub O, 12% Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , 4% CaO slag. Otherwise, calculations are \i a priori\i0  from the model.  Output of EQUILIB will give halides grouped as the \ldblquote components\rdblquote  NaCl, CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub , NaF, CaF\sub 2\nosupersub , etc. This is only a formalism. The model actually considers dissolved halide ions as not associated with any particular cations.\par
\par
\lang1030 References: 2007, 2017, 2041\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SLAG?] ?-SLAG-liq\par
Oxide liquid/glass\par
\par
\cf0\lang1033 Because of the complexity of the models involved, the use of FToxid-SLAG? is not encouraged. Unless you carefully follow the instructions about removing certain components from the component list, completely erroneous calculations can result. \par
\par
Instead, use FToxid-SLAGA which contains all the oxide components as well as S and F in dilute solution.  That is, FToxid-SLAGA is equivalent to FToxid-SLAG? except for the calculation of the solubilities of SO\sub 4\nosupersub , PO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , H\sub 2\nosupersub O/OH, I, Cl, F, C, N, and CN.  To calculate these solubilities, it is recommended that you use FToxid-SLAGB, SLAGC, SLAGD, etc. in a series of separate calculations, rather than trying to calculate them all simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG?. The use of FToxid-SLAG? may however give somewhat better estimations of sulfide solubility in the presence of Cr(II) and of F and Cl solubilities in the presence of Cr(II), Cr(III) and Fe(III).\par
\par
Note further that equilibria between slags/glasses containing Na\sub 2\nosupersub O or B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and other oxide phases will be calculated more accurately with FToxid-SLAGA than with FToxid-SLAG?. Furthermore, Li\sub 2\nosupersub O, SrO and BaO are not components of FToxid-SLAG?.\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-\cf0  \cf2 OXFL] Liq-Oxyfluoride\par
Oxide liquid/glass containing fluoride\par
\cf0\par
This solution has been eliminated in FactSage 7.3 and replaced with FToxid-SLAGA. \par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SPINA] A-Spinel\par
OXIDE Spinel (Cubic)\par
\par
\cf0 AB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub -type cubic spinel solution containing Al-Co-Cr-Fe-Mg-Ni-Zn-O\par
(2+ and 3+ oxidation states only)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Spinel (MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Magnetite (Fe\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Hercynite (\lang4105 FeAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 ), Gahnite (ZnAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Magnesioferrite (\lang4105 MgFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Franklinite (ZnFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Trevorite (NiFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Magnesiochromite (\lang1033 MgCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Chromite (FeCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Pleonaste (MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  FeAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ).\lang4105\par
\lang1033\par
Distribution of cations over tetrahedral and octahedral sites, as well as vacancies on the octahedral sites (oxygen non-stoichiometry), are taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Al,Co(II),Co(III),Cr(II),Cr(III),Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Ni(II),Zn)[Al,Co(II),Co(III),Cr(III),\par
Fe(II),Fe(III),Mg,Ni,Zn,Vacancy]\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized over all compositions. \par
\par
Mn is not a component of FToxid-SPINA and so the calculated content of Mn will always be zero if you use FToxid-SPINA.  For spinels containing appreciable amounts of Mn, use FToxid-SPINB. \par
\par
Possible miscibility gap between Al-rich, Cr(III)-rich and Fe(III)-rich spinels. (Use I option).\par
Also use I option for MgO-Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  spinel.\par
\par
References: 2010, 2019, 2020, 2024, 2025, 2028, 2029, 2030, 6008, 6009, 6013\par
References: 6016, 6020, 6021, 6029, 6031, 6033\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SPINB] B-Spinel\par
OXIDE Spinel (Cubic)\par
\par
\cf0 AB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4  \nosupersub  cubic spinel containing Mn(II)-Mn(III)-Mn(IV)-Fe(II)-Fe(III)-Cr(II)-Cr(III)-Mg(II)-Al(III)-O\par
\par
\lang1046 Mineralogical names:  Magnetite (Fe\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Manganoferrite (MnFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Manganochromite (MnCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Chromite (FeCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ), Galaxite (MnAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 Oxides of elements other than Mn, Fe, Cr, Mg and Al are not components of FToxid-SPINB, and so the calculated contents of any other oxides will always be zero if you use FToxid-SPINB.  For systems containing other oxides, use FToxid-SPINA. \par
\par
Evaluated and optimized over all compositions.\par
\par
FToxid-SPINB replaces FToxid-AlSp, which has been eliminated in FactSage 7.3.\par
\par
References: 2035, 2036, 2037, 2040\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-SPIN?] ?-Spinel\par
OXIDE Spinel (Cubic)\par
\par
\cf0 Never select FToxid-SPIN? as erroneous calculations will almost certainly result.  \par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-AlSp] Al-Spinel\par
Oxide solution \endash  aluminate spinel containing Mn\par
\cf1\par
\cf0 This solution has been eliminated in FactSage 7.3 and replaced by FToxid-SPINB.\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-CaSp] CaSpinel\par
OXIDE solution \endash  calcium spinel\par
\cf0\par
CaCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  CaFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaCr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub\lang4105  (S1) and \lang1033 CaFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4 \nosupersub\lang4105 (S1)\lang1033 .\par
\par
References: 2010\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-SPLA] MgAl2O4-LiAl5O8\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Lithium spinel\par
\cf0\par
LiAl\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub -MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-TSpi] Tetragonal spinel\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Tetragonal spinel\par
\cf0\par
Low-temperature Mn\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  dissolving Fe, Cr, Al and Mg.\par
\par
[Fe(II),Fe(III),Mn(II),Mn(III),Cr(II),Cr(III),Al(III),Mg(II)][Fe(II),Fe(III),Mn(II),Mn(III),Cr(III),Al(III),Mg(II),Va]\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
Mineralogical name:  Hausmanite\par
\par
References: 2035, 2036, 2037, 2040 \par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-MeO_A] A-Monoxide\par
OXIDE monoxide (rocksalt structure) solution\par
\cf0\par
Approved sub-system of FToxid-MeO_\par
\par
Note that the former phase FToxid-MONO has now been combined with FToxid-MeO and merged into it.\par
\par
Fe(II)O,CaO,MgO,SrO,BaO,Mn(II)O,NiO,CoO at all compositions + (Al,Fe(III),Cr(III),Li,Na,Ti(IV),Zn,Zr  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Wustite (Fe\sub x\nosupersub O), Lime (CaO), Periclase (MgO), Magnesiowustite (MgO-Fe\sub x\nosupersub O), Manganowustite (Mn-Fe)\sub x\nosupersub O, Manganosite (Mn\sub x\nosupersub O).\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaO, MgO, SrO, BaO, MnO, NiO, and CoO solids.\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Can be used for wustite (Fe\sub x\nosupersub O) solutions at all oxygen contents.  However, Mn(III) is not included in FToxid-MeO_A and so MnO will always be calculated as stoichiometric.\par
\par
Cu, and Mn(III)  are not components of FToxid-MeO_A and so the calculated contents of Cu and Mn(III) will always be zero if you use FToxid-MeO_A.  If these components are present in appreciable amounts, use FToxid-MeO_B or FToxid-MeO_C.\par
\par
If CaO, SrO or BaO are present, there is a possible miscibility gap.  (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2010, 2019, 2020, 2023, 2024, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, 2032, 2033, 2051\par
References: 6009, 6013, 6016, 6020, 6021, 6026, 6029, 6031\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-MeO_B] B-Monoxide\par
OXIDE monoxide (rocksalt structure) solution\par
\cf0\par
Approved sub-system of FToxid-MeO_\par
\par
Note that the former phase FToxid-MONO has now been combined with FToxid-MeO and merged into it.\par
\par
Fe(II)O,MgO,Mn(II)O at all compositions + (Fe(III),Cr(III),Mn(III)  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Manganowustite (Mn-Fe)\sub x\nosupersub O\sub\par
\nosupersub\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MnO solid\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Can be used for wustite (Fe,Mn)\sub x\nosupersub O solutions at all oxygen contents.  \par
\par
Ca, Cu, Mg, Ni and Co are not components of FToxid-MeO_B and so the calculated contents of these oxides will always be zero if you use FToxid-MeO_B.  If these components are present in appreciable amounts, use FToxid-MeO_A or FToxid-MeO_C.\par
\par
References: 2035, 2036, 2037, 2038\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-MeO_C] C-Monoxide\par
OXIDE monoxide (rocksalt structure) solution\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FToxid-MeO_\par
\par
Note that the former phase FToxid-MONO has now been combined with FToxid-MeO and merged into it.\par
\par
MgO solid (periclase) with Cu\sub 2\nosupersub O in dilute solution\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MgO solid.\par
\par
No other oxides are components of FToxid-MeO_C, and so the calculated contents of all oxides other than MgO and Cu\sub 2\nosupersub O will be zero if you choose FToxid-MeO_C.\par
Use FToxid-MeO_A or FToxid-MeO_C when other oxides are present.\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-MeO_?] ?-Monoxide\par
OXIDE monoxide (rocksalt structure) solution\par
\par
\cf0 Note that the former phase FToxid-MONO has now been combined with FToxid-MeO and merged into it.\par
\par
 Fe(II)O,CaO,MgO,SrO,BaO,Mn(II)O,NiO,CoO at all compositions + (Al,Cu(I),Fe(III),Cr(III),Mn(III),Li,Na,Ti,Zn,Zr  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
\lang1046 Mineralogical names: Wustite (Fe\sub x\nosupersub O), Lime (CaO), Periclase (MgO), Magnesiowustite (MgO-Fe\sub x\nosupersub O).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaO, MgO, SrO, BaO, NiO, CoO and MnO solids.\par
\par
If CaO, SrO or BaO are present, there is a possible miscibility gap.  (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2010, 2019, 2020, 2023, 2024, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, 2032, 2033, 2051\par
References: 2035, 2036, 2037, 2038\par
References: 6009, 6013, 6016, 6020, 6021, 6026, 6029, 6031\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-cPyrA] A-Clinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  clinopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
MSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  MFe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  solution (where: M = Fe(II), Ca, Mg)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Clino-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), (Metastable) clino-ferrosilite (FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), Diopside (CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), Hedenbergite (CaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), Esseneite (CaFe\super 3+\nosupersub AlSiO\sub 6\nosupersub ), Ca-Tschermak (CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub ); Pigeonite:  (Ca,Fe(II),Mg)[Mg,Fe(II)]Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ; Augite: (Ca)[Mg,Fe(II),Al]\{Al,Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub .\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , CaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  and CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6 \nosupersub solids, FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  (S1).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the three cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Fe(II),Mg)[Mg,Fe(II),Fe(III),Al]\{Al,Fe(III),Si\}SiO\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2020, 2031, 2032\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-cPyrB] B-Clinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  clinopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
A complete solid solution between CaM\super 2+\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  and CaN\super 2+\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  with a limited solubility of M\super 2+\nosupersub SiO\sub 3\nosupersub , where M\super 2+\nosupersub  and N\super 2+\nosupersub  are Mg, Fe, Ni, Zn, Mn.\par
\par
\lang1046 Mineralogical names: Clino-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), \lang1033 (Metastable) clino\lang1046 -ferrosilite (FeSiO3), Diopside (CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), Hedenbergite (CaFeSi2O6), Niopside (CaNiSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), \lang1033 Petedunnite  \lang4105 (CaZn\lang1033 Si\sub\lang4105 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\lang1033 ), \lang1046 Johannsenite (CaMnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , \lang1046 CaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , FeSiO\sub 3 \nosupersub\lang1033 and CaNiSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub .\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
\lang3084 (Ca,Mg,Fe,Ni,Zn,Mn)[Mg,Fe,Ni,Zn,Mn]Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2020, 2031, 2032\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-cPyrC] C-Clinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  clinopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
MSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  solution (where: M = Fe(II), Ca, Sr, Mg)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Clino-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), (Metastable) clino-ferrosilite (FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), Diopside (CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), Hedenbergite (CaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ), Esseneite (CaFe\super 3+\nosupersub AlSiO\sub 6\nosupersub ), Ca-Tschermak (CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub ); Pigeonite:  (Ca,Fe(II),Mg)[Mg,Fe(II)]Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ; Augite: (Ca)[Mg,Fe(II),Al]\{Al,Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , Jadeite (NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ).\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , CaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub , CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  and NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6 \nosupersub solids, FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  (S1).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the three cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Sr,Mg,Fe(II),Na)[Mg,Fe(II),Al]\{Al,Si\}SiO\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-cPyrD] D-Clinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  clinopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
MSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  MFe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  NaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  solution (where: M = Fe(II))\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Clino-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), (Metastable) clino-ferrosilite (FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), \lang1046 Aegirine (NaFe\super 3+\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub )\lang1033 , Jadeite (NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub ).\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: NaFeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  and NaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6 \nosupersub solids, FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  (S1).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the three cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Fe(II),Na)[Fe(II),Fe(III),Al]\{Al,Fe(III),Si\}SiO\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-cPyr?] ?-Clinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  clinopyroxene\par
\par
\cf0 Never select FToxid-cPyr? as erroneous calculations will almost certainly result.\cf2\par
\par
\par
[FToxid-oPyrA] A-Orthopyroxene\par
\lang4105 OXIDE solution \endash  orthopyroxene\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
MSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  MFe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  solution (where: M = Fe(II), Ca, Mg)\par
\par
\lang1046 Mineralogical names: Ortho-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ), (Metastable) ortho-ferrosilite (FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub (S2), FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  (S3).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the three cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Fe(II),Mg)[Mg,Fe(II),Fe(III),Al]\{Al,Fe(III),Si\}SiO\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2020, 2031, 2032\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-oPyrB] B-Orthopyroxene\par
\lang4105 OXIDE solution \endash  orthopyroxene\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
\lang4105 (Mg, Mn(II), Fe(II), Ca, Ni, Zn)SiO\sub 3\nosupersub  solution, MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich. \par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1033 [FToxid-oPyr?] ?-Orthopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  orthopyroxene\par
\par
\cf0 Never select FToxid-oPyr? as erroneous calculations will almost certainly result.\cf2\par
\par
\par
[FToxid-pPyrA] A-Protopyroxene\cf0\par
\cf2 OXIDE solution \endash  protopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
MSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MAl\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  MFe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 6\nosupersub  solution  (where: M = Fe(II), Ca, Mg)\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Proto-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub (S3).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the three cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Fe(II),Mg)[Mg,Fe(II),Fe(III),Al]\{Al,Fe(III),Si\}SiO\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Ni and Zn are not components of FToxid-pPyrA and so the calculated content of Ni and Zn will always be zero if you use FToxid-pPyrA.  If Ni is present in appreciable amounts, use FToxid-pPyrB.  If Zn is present in appreciable amounts, use FToxid-pPyrC.\par
 \par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2020, 2031, 2032\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-pPyrB] B-Protopyroxene\cf0\par
\cf2 OXIDE solution \endash  protopyroxene\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 (Mg, Mn(II), Fe(II), Ca, Ni, Zn)SiO\sub 3\nosupersub  solution, MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Proto-enstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub (S3).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
\lang3084 (Ca,Mg,Fe(II),Ni,Zn,Mn)[Mg,Fe(II),Ni,Zn,Mn]Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 Fe(III) and Al are not components of FToxid-pPyrB and so the calculated content of Fe(III) and Al will always be zero if you use FToxid-pPyrB.  If Fe(III) or Al is present in appreciable amounts, use FToxid-pPyrA.\par
 \par
References: 2020, 2031, 2032\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-pPyr?] ?-Protopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  protopyroxene\par
\par
\cf0 Never select FToxid-pPyr? as erroneous calculations will almost certainly result.\cf2\par
\par
\par
[FToxid-LcPy] LowClinopyroxene\par
OXIDE solution \endash  low clinopyroxene\cf0\par
\par
CaMgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  Mg\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  solid solution (low clinopyroxene structure)\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Low-clinoenstatite (MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
Distribution of Mg and Ca over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
(Ca,Mg)[Mg]Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\par
\par
The solubilities of Fe and Al in this phase are very small and assumed negligible.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2032\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-Rhod] Rhodonite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  rhodonite\par
\cf0\par
MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  + (CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , CoSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Rhodonite (MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\par
The former FToxid-MnPy phase has now been merged into FToxid-Rhod as these are the same phase and the structure is not that of pyroxene.\par
\par
Valid only if rich in MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \lang4105 solid\lang1033 .\par
\par
References: 2027, 2038, 2040, 6026\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-P-Mn] Pyroxmangite\par
\lang4105 OXIDE solution \endash  pyroxmangite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  - MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  solution stable at ~10-50 mol % MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-Bixb] Bixbyite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Bixbyite\par
\par
\cf0 Orthorhombic Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  + (Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
End members in pure compound database FToxidbase.cdb:  Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub (S2)\par
\par
References: 2035, 2036, 2037, 2040\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-Brau] Braunite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Braunite\par
\par
\cf0 Non-stoichiometric Mn\sub 7\nosupersub SiO\sub 12\nosupersub  with excess Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , dissolving Mg: \par
[(Mn\sub 2\nosupersub ,MgSi)\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 9\nosupersub ]\{(Mn\sub 2\nosupersub ,MnSi)O\sub 3\nosupersub\}\par
\par
References:  2038, 2040\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-WOLL] Wollastonite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Wollastonite\par
\cf0\par
CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  with MgSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , FeSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , MnSiO\sub 3\nosupersub , SrSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  and BaSiO\sub 3 \nosupersub in solution.\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Wollastonite (CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\par
Valid only if rich in CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\cf1\par
\cf0 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
References: 2027, 2032, 6026\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-Bred] Bredigite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Bredigite\par
\cf0\par
Ca\sub 3\nosupersub (Ca,Mg)\sub 4\nosupersub Mg(SiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  a solid solution originating from Ca\sub 7\nosupersub Mg(SiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 4\nosupersub  by substitution of some Ca by Mg. \par
\par
Mineralogical names: Bredigite\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033 ] A-a-(Ca,Sr)2SiO4\par
OXIDE solution  alpha-(Ca,Sr)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 (Ca,Sr)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  + (Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Ba\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Ca\sub 3\nosupersub B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6  \nosupersub in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Either Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  or Sr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  must be present.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S3), Sr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S3).\par
\par
Phosphorus is not a component of FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033  and so the calculated phosphorus content will always be zero if you use FToxid-\lang1046 aC2SA\lang1033 .  For solutions containing appreciable amounts of phosphorus, use FToxid-C2S\lang1053 P\lang1033 .\par
\par
Never select both FToxid-C2SP and FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033  simultaneously.\par
\par
References: 2027, 2032, 2045, 6026\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid- aC2S\lang1053 B\lang1033 ] B-a-(Ca,Sr)2SiO4\par
OXIDE solution  alpha-(Ca,Sr)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Fictitious solubility of CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  in alpha-Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  was introduced to reproduce the liquidus of Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in the CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  system.\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  + (CaF\sub 2\nosupersub , Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  must be present.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2).\par
\lang1030\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2 [FToxid-bC2SA] A-a'(Ca,Sr,Ba)2SiO4\par
OXIDE solution  alpha-prime (Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  Sr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  Ba\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  solution + (Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Pb\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Zn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Ca\sub 3\nosupersub B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Sr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4 \nosupersub or Ba\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  must be present.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2), Sr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2) and Ba\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
\lang1030 References: 2015, 2027, 2032, 2045, 2047, 6009, 6013, 6016, 6020, 6021, 6026\par

\pard\widctlpar\tx5963\tab\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-bC2SB] B-a'(Ca,Sr,Ba)2SiO4\par
OXIDE solution  alpha-prime (Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Fictitious solubility of CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  in alpha-prime Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  was introduced to reproduce the liquidus of Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in the CaO-SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  system.\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  + (CaF\sub 2\nosupersub , Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Pb\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Zn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  must be present.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2).\par
\lang1030\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-bC2SC] C-a'(Ca,Sr,Ba)2SiO4\par
OXIDE solution  alpha-prime (Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  + (Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Ca\sub 3\nosupersub B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  in dilute amounts)\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  must be present.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2).\par
\lang1030\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-Mel_A] A-Melilite\par
OXIDE solution  melilite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Distribution of cations over the three cation sites are taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Pb)\sub 2\nosupersub [Mg,Fe(II),Fe(III),Al,Zn]\{Al,Fe(III),Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Akermanite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Iron-akermanite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub FeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Gehlenite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ), Iron-gehlenite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ), Hardystonite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub ZnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub , Ca\sub 2\nosupersub FeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 , \lang4105 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub , Ca\sub 2\nosupersub ZnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 ,\lang4105  Pb\sub 2\nosupersub ZnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 .\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions where data are available.\par
\par
References: 6009, 6013, 6016, 6020, 6021\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-Mel_B] B-Melilite\par
OXIDE solution  melilite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Distribution of cations over the three cation sites are taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Na)\sub 2\nosupersub [Al]\{Al,Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Gehlenite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ), \lang1046 Soda Melilite\lang4105  (CaNaAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 .\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized for FactSage 7.0 at all compositions where data are available.\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-Mel_C] C-Melilite\par
OXIDE solution  melilite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Distribution of cations over the three cation sites are taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 2\nosupersub [Mg,Al,B]\{Al,B,Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Gehlenite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ), Akermanite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Okayamalite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub B\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ), Ba-akermanite (Ba\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Sr-akermanite (Sr\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Sr-gehlenite (Sr\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub , Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub , Ca\sub 2\nosupersub B\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub , Ba\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub , Sr\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub , Sr\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 7\nosupersub .\lang1033\par
\par
This is the result of integration of the FToxid-Gehl solution into general melilite for FactSage 7.0. FToxid-Gehl has been removed.\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions where data are available.\par
\par
References: 2045\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-Mel_D] D-Melilite\par
OXIDE solution  melilite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Distribution of cations over the three cation sites are taken into account as follows:\par
\par
\lang3084 (Ca)\sub 2\nosupersub [Ni,Fe(II),Mg,Zn]\{Si\}\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Akermanite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Iron-akermanite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub FeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ), Hardystonite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub ZnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub , Ca\sub 2\nosupersub ZnSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 ,\lang4105  Ca\sub 2\nosupersub FeSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 .\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions where data are available.\par
\par
References: 2092, 2103,\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053\par
[FToxid-Mel_?] ?-Melilite\par
OXIDE solution  melilite\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
Never select FToxid-\cf2\lang1053  \cf0 Mel_\lang1033 ? as erroneous calculations will almost certainly result.\par
\cf2\par
\par
\par
\lang1053 [FToxid-OlivA] A-Olivine\par
OXIDE solution    olivine\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Co\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Ni\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub -Zn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  solution\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Ca,Fe,Mg,Mn,Co,Ni,Zn)[ Ca,Fe,Mg,Mn,Co,Ni,Zn]SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\lang4105\par
Mineralogical names: Forsterite (Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub ), Fayalite (Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub ), Tephroite (Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub ), \lang1033 Monticellite\lang4105  (CaMgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub ), Kirschsteinite (CaFeSiO\sub 4\nosupersub ), Larnite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\par
End-members in \lang1033 pure compound database \lang4105 FToxidBase.cdb: Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1), Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1), Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1), Co\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1), Ni\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1), Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
\lang1033 Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
Cr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  are not components of FToxid-OlivA and so if you use FToxid-OlivA the contents of Cr and Li will always be calculated as zero.  If Cr or Li is present, use FToxid-OlivB or FToxid-OlivC.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  or Ni\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  are present. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2018, 2020, 2027, 2031, 2032, 2038, 2040, 2063, 2066, 2092, 2103, 6016, 6026\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1053 [FToxid-OlivB] B-Olivine\par
OXIDE solution   olivine\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  with Cr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Mg,Cr)[Mg,Cr]SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\lang4105\par
Mineralogical names: Forsterite (Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\par
Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Cr\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  are the only components of FToxid-OlivB.  If other elements are present, use FToxid-OlivA.\par
\par
End-members in \lang1033 pure compound database \lang4105 FToxidBase.cdb: Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1)\par
\par
\lang1033 References: 2056\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-OlivC] C-Olivine\par
OXIDE solution   olivine\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  with Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
\lang4105 (Ca,Li\sub 2\nosupersub )[Ca,Li\sub 2\nosupersub ]SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Larnite (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\par
Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  are the only components of FToxid-OlivC.  If other elements are present, use FToxid-OlivA.\par
\par
End-members in \lang1033 pure compound database \lang4105 FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1)\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-Oliv?] ?-Olivine\par
OXIDE solution   olivine\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
Never select FToxid-Oliv? as erroneous calculations will certainly result.  \par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1036 [FToxid-Cord] Cordierite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  cordierite\par
\cf0\par
Al\sub 4\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 18\nosupersub  \endash  Al\sub 4\nosupersub Mg\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 18\nosupersub  solution\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Al\sub 4\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 18\nosupersub  and Al\sub 4\nosupersub Mg\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 18 \nosupersub solids\lang1033 .\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-Mull] Mullite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  mullite with borate in solution\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Solid solution of non-stoichiometric mullite with B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  in solution.\par
\par
Replaces former FToxid-MulF and FToxid-MULL.\par
\par
\lang1046 [Al,Fe]\sub\lang3084 2\nosupersub\lang1046 [Al,Si,B,Fe][O,Va]\sub\lang3084 5\lang1046\par
\par
\nosupersub\lang1033 Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Al\sub 6\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 13\nosupersub\lang4105  \lang1033 solid.\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
References: 2004, \lang1046 2025, \lang1033 2044, \lang1046 2047, \lang1033 2055\lang1046 , 6009, 6020\cf3\lang1033  \strike\par
\cf2\strike0\par
\cf0\lang1046\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-CORU] M2O3 (Corundum)\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Corundum structure\par
\cf0\par
Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3 \nosupersub + (Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  in dilute amounts) corundum structure solution\par
\par
Mineralogical names: Corundum (Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub ), Hematite (Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub ), Eskolite (Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub (S4), Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub (S1), Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
Fully evaluated and optimized at all compositions (dilute in Mn\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub ) except for \par
Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  for which parameters have been evaluated only in the Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  binary system and have been estimated in the Cr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  systems)\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap (Use I option.)\par
\par
\lang1046 References: 2010, 2025, 2035, 2037, 2040, 6008\par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-CAFS] Ca2(Al,Fe)8SiO16\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
(CaO)\sub 2\nosupersub (Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  \endash  (CaO)\sub 2\nosupersub (Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 2\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
\lang1033 X-phase\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaAl\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub\lang4105  \lang1033 solid.\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CAF6] Ca(Al, Fe)12O19\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
CaAl\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  with CaFe\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  in solution (CaAl\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CAF3] Ca(Al,Fe)6O10\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
CaAl\sub 6\nosupersub O\sub 10\nosupersub  \endash  CaFe\sub 6\nosupersub O\sub 10\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
T-phase\par
\par
The pure end-member components are not stable.  This solution only exists as a stable phase when both Al and Fe are present.\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CAF2] Ca(Al,Fe)4O7\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 CaAl\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  with CaFe\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  in solution (CaAl\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaAl\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  solid.\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CAF1] Ca(Al,Fe)2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\lang4105\par
\cf0\lang1033 CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  CaFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\cf1\par
\cf0 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  and CaFe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  solids.\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033 Possible miscibility gap (use I option).\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1030 [FToxid-C2AF] Ca2(Al,Fe)2O5\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  with Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  in solution (Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  solid.\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1030 [FToxid-C3AF] Ca3(Al,Fe)2O6\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  with Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  in solution (Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  solid.\lang4105\par
\cf2\par
\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-GARN] Garnets\par
OXIDE solution \endash  garnets\par
\cf0\par
\lang3084 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Cr\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub  \endash  Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12 \nosupersub solid solution \par
\par
Mineralogical names: Grossularite (Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub ), Uvarovite (Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Cr\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub ).\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Cr\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub  \lang1033 and \lang4105 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub\lang1033  solids.\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang3084 [FToxid-ZNIT] Zincite\par
OXIDE solution - Zincite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Zincite, ZnO, containing CoO, FeO, Fe\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub , MgO, MnO and NiO in dilute amounts.\par
\par
Valid only if rich in ZnO. Behavior of MnO assumed ideal.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: ZnO solid.\par
\par
References: 2019, 6013, 6016, 6021\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-WILL] Willemite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  willemite\par
\cf0\par
Zn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  + (Fe\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub , Mg\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Zn\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  solid.\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Zn,Fe(II),Mg)[Zn,Fe(II),Mg]SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
References: 2018, 6016, 6021\par
\cf2\par
\par
 [FToxid-PbO_] PbO-ZnO\par
\cf0\par
Solid PbO with ZnO in solution (PbO-rich).\par
\par
\lang4105 Mineralogical names: Massicot.\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 PbO (S2)\lang1033 .\par
\par
\lang3084 References: 2012\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-PCSi] Pb3M2Si3O11\par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Pb\sub 3\nosupersub Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  \endash  Pb\sub 5\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Pb\sub 3\nosupersub Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  solid.\par
\par
\lang4105 References: 2015, 6013\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1036 [FToxid-Qrtz] Quartz\par
OXIDE solution \endash  quartz\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 SiO\sub 2\nosupersub -GeO\sub 2\nosupersub  solid solution with quartz structure.\par
\par
Valid at all compositions.\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: SiO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2) and GeO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2).\par
\par
References: 2022\par
\cf2\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
[FToxid-TiO2] Rutile\par
OXIDE solution \endash  rutile\par
\cf0\par
TiO\sub 2\nosupersub (rutile) + (Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  and ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  in dilute solution)\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 TiO\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033  (S1).\par
\par
\lang1046 References: 2005, 2009, 2014, 2033, 2034\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1053 [FToxid-ILMEA] A-Ilmenite  \par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\par
Solid solution: FeTiO\sub 3\nosupersub (ilmenite) \endash  Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MgTiO\sub 3\nosupersub  \endash  MnTiO\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3 \nosupersub (S2).\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sublattices is taken into account as:\par
\par
\lang1053 (Fe(II), Mg, Mn, Ti(III))[Ti(IV), Ti(III)]O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 Fe(III) is not a component of FToxid-ILME.  That is, calculated solubilities of Fe[3+] will always be zero.  Use FToxid-ILME only under relatively reducing conditions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2005, 2009, 2014, 2033, 2034\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-ILMEB] B-Ilmenite  \par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\par
Solid solution: Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  + (Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  in dilute solution)\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3 \nosupersub (S2).\par
\par
Use FToxid-ILME only under relatively reducing conditions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
\lang1046 References: 2041\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1053 [FToxid-ILME?] ?-Ilmenite  \par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\par
Never select Ftoxid-ILME? as erroneous calculations will most likely result.\lang1033\par
\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-PSEU] Pseudobrookite\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution: FeTi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub (ferropseudobrookite) \endash  Ti\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  \endash  MgTi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  \endash  MnTi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\par
over entire composition range.\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the two cation sublattices is taken into account as:\par
\par
\lang1053 (Fe(II), Mg, Mn, Ti(III))[Ti(IV), Ti(III)]\sub  2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 Fe(III) is not a component of FToxid-PSEU.  That is, calculated solubilities of Fe[3+] will always be zero.  Use FToxid-PSEU only under relatively reducing conditions.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2005, 2009, 2014, 2033, 2034\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-TiSp] Titania_Spinel\par
\lang1036 OXIDE solution \endash  titania spinel (cubic)\par
\cf0\par
\lang1030 (Mg,Fe,Mn)[Mg,Fe,Mn,Ti(III),Ti(IV),Al]\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 This is treated as a separate phase from FToxid-SPIN.\par
\par
Fe(III) is not a component of FToxid-TiSp.  That is, calculated solubilities of Fe(III) will always be zero.  Use FToxid-TiSp only under relatively reducing conditions and only for Ti-rich solutions.  (Otherwise use FToxid-SPIN or FToxid-AlSp.)\par
\par
The optimization is consistent with the FeO-TiO\sub 2\nosupersub , MgO-TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  and MnO-TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  phase diagram sections. \par
\par
The limited solubility of FeTi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  in Fe\sub 2\nosupersub TiO\sub 4\nosupersub  has been evaluated.\par
\par
All multicomponent interactions among Fe, Mg and Mn are estimated.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap. (Use I option.)\par
\par
References: 2005, 2009, 2014, 2033, 2034, 2041, 2054\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-CaTi] Ca3Ti2O7-Ca3Ti2O6\par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\par
Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  \endash  Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1053 [FToxid-PERO] Perovskite\par
OXIDE solution \endash  perovskite\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  \endash  Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-ZrOc] ZrO2-cubic\par
OXIDE solution \endash  cubic zirconia\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Cubic ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  + (Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub ,CaO,FeO,MgO,MnO and TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  in solution)\par
\par
Valid only when rich in ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033  (S3).\lang4105\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1033 [FToxid-ZrOt] ZrO2-tetragonal\par
OXIDE solution \endash  tetragonal zirconia\par
\cf0\par
Tetragonal ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  with Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub ,CaO,FeO,MgO,MnO and TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  in solution\par
\par
Valid only when rich in ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033  (S2).\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-ZrOm] ZrO2-monoclinic\par
OXIDE solution \endash  monoclinic zirconia\par
\cf0\par
Monoclinic ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub  with CaO, MgO and MnO in solution\par
\par
Valid only when rich in ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang4105 ZrO\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033  (S1).\par
\cf2\par
\par
 [FToxid-ReAl] Re2O3+Al2O3_liquid\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Liquid rare earth oxides plus Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Liquid solution:  Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -La\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Ce\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Pr\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Nd\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Pm\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Sm\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Eu\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Gd\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Tb\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Dy\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Ho\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Er\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Tm\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Yb\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Lu\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
Evaluations and optimization have been performed only for binary Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Re\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  solutions (Re = rare earth).  Binary solutions between two rare earth oxides are assumed ideal.  Multicomponent solution interactions are estimated.  \par
\par
Should be used to calculate solid/liquid phase equilibria only in Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub -Re\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 3\nosupersub  binary systems.  (Possible ternary solid solutions have also not been evaluated.)\par
\par
Never select FToxid-ReAl simultaneously with FToxid-SLAG.\par
\par
References: 2001\par
\par
\par
\cf2  [FToxid-Neph] Nepheline\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Nepheline\par
\par
\cf0 Non-stoichiometric low-temperature NaAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  KAlSiO\sub 4 \nosupersub solid solution, dissolving excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub , Ca and Fe.\par
\par
Miscibility gap below ~1000 \lang4105\'b0C.\lang1033  \par
References:  2047\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-Carn] Carnegieite \par
OXIDE solution \endash  Carnegieite \par
\par
\cf0 Non-stoichiometric high-temperature NaAlSiO\sub 4 \nosupersub dissolving excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub , K, Fe and Ca\par
\par
\lang3084 References:  2047\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-LEU1] Leucite \par
OXIDE solution \endash  Leucite \par
\par
\cf0\lang1033 Leucite solution K\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 KAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 5\nosupersub O\sub 12\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-KASH] KAlSiO4-HT\par
OXIDE solution \endash  KAlSiO4-HT\par
\par
\cf0 Non-stoichiometric high-temperature kalsilite, KAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub , with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub , Na and Ca.\par
 \par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
KAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub (S2)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-NASlA] A-(Na,Li)(Al,Fe)O2-LT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric low-temperature (Na)(Al,Fe)O\sub 2\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb:\par
NaAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S1) and NaFeO\sub 2\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
References:  2047\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-NASlB] B-(Na,Li)(Al,Fe)O2-LT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric low-temperature (Na,Li)(Al)O\sub 2\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb:\par
NaAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S1) and LiAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-NAShA] A-(Na,Li)(Al,Fe)O2-HT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric high-temperature (Na)(Al,Fe)O\sub 2\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb:\par
NaAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2) and NaFeO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2).\par
\par
References:  2047\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-NAShB] B-(Na,Li)(Al,Fe)O2-HT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric high-temperature (Na,Li)(Al)O\sub 2\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb:\par
NaAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2) and LiAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2).\par
\cf2  \cf0\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-KA_L] KAlO2-LT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric low-temperature KAlO\sub 2\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
KAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\cf2 [FToxid-KA_H] KAlO2-HT\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Non-stoichiometric high-temperature KAlO\sub 2\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
KAlO\sub 2\nosupersub (S2)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S2)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-NCA2] Na2CaAl4O8\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub CaAl\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  solid solution Na\sub 2\nosupersub (Na\sub 2\nosupersub ,Ca)Al\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\par
\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-C3A1] (Ca,Na2)Ca8Al6O18\sub\par
\nosupersub OXIDE solution \sub\par
\cf0\nosupersub\par
(Ca,Na\sub 2\nosupersub )Ca\sub 8\nosupersub Al\sub 6\nosupersub O\sub 18\nosupersub  solid solution, Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub -rich\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-NAF6] beta''-Al2O3\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  with Na\sub 2\nosupersub Fe\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  in solution (Na\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-bbAl] \lang1033 K2Al12O19\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Beta\lang1046 ''\lang1033 -alumina solution: K\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  dissolving Mg (replaces K\sub 2\nosupersub Al\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  compound)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-b_Al] \lang1033 KAl9O14\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Beta-alumina solution: KAl\sub 9\nosupersub O\sub 14\nosupersub  dissolving Mg (replaces KAl\sub 9\nosupersub O\sub 14\nosupersub  compound)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-NS2l] \lang1033 (Na,K)2Si2O5_low-T\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 (Na,K)\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  low-temperature solution; dilute Li\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-NS2i] \lang1033 (Na,K)2Si2O5_Mid-T\lang1046\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
(Na,K)\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  solution stable at intermediate temperatures\lang4105 ; dilute Li\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S2)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S2)\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-NS2h] (Na,K)2Si2O5_high-T\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
(Na,K)\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  high-temperature solution\lang4105 ; dilute Li\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S3)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S3)\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1046\par
\cf2 [FToxid-LS2l] \lang3084 Li2Si2O5_low-T\lang1046\par
\lang3084 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 Li\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  low-temperature solution; dilute Na\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5 \nosupersub and K\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 LiSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-LS2h] \lang4105 Li2\lang1046 Si2O5_high-T\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 Li\sub\lang1046 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub  high-temperature solution\lang4105 ; dilute Na\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5 \nosupersub and K\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang3084 Li\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 5\nosupersub (S2)\par
\par
\lang1046\par
\cf2 [FToxid-NeSO] (K,Na,Li)\lang3084 2SiO3\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 (Li,Na,K)\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 3\nosupersub  metasilicate solid solution\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Li\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 3\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1), \lang4105 Na\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 3\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 3\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-LAS2] \lang4105 beta-LiAlSi2O6\lang1046\par
OXIDE solution \lang4105 beta-spodumene\lang1046\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 LiAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\lang1046  \lang4105 high-temperature beta-spodumene solid solution with excess SiO\sub 2\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 LiAlSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub\lang1033 (S2)\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1046\par
\cf2 [FToxid-EucL] \lang4105 LiAlSiO4_low-T\par
OXIDE solution alpha-Eucryptite\par
\cf0\par
LiAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  low-temperature alpha-Eucryptite solid solution with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 LiAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-EucH] \lang4105 LiAlSiO4_high-T\par
OXIDE solution beta-Eucryptite\par
\cf0\par
LiAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  high-temperature beta-Eucryptite solid solution with excess SiO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 LiAlSiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 (S2)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-LM2S] Li2(Li2,Mg)SiO4\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Li\sub\lang4105 2\nosupersub\lang1046 (Li\sub\lang4105 2\nosupersub\lang1046 ,Mg)SiO\sub\lang4105 4\nosupersub\lang1046  solution with a miscibility gap between \lang4105 Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4 \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang1046 Li\sub\lang4105 2\nosupersub\lang1046 Mg\lang4105 SiO\sub 4\nosupersub ; dilute Na\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang1046 Li\sub\lang4105 2\nosupersub\lang1046 Mg\lang4105 SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-N2S_] Na4SiO4\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 Na\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1046  solution\lang4105 ; dilute Li\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 4\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\lang1046\par
\par
\cf2  [FToxid-KCS1] \lang4105 K2CaSiO4\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub CaSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  with small solubility of Na\sub 2\nosupersub CaSiO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgSiO\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang3084 K\sub 2\nosupersub CaSiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S1)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-N3S8] Na6Si8O19\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang3084 Na\sub 6\nosupersub Si\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub\lang1046  solution\lang3084 ; dilute Li\sub 6\nosupersub Si\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 19\par
\nosupersub\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 6\nosupersub Si\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-NCSO] combeite\par
OXIDE solution - combeite\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Mineralogical name: combeite (Na\sub 2\nosupersub Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 9\nosupersub )\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
(Na\sub 2\nosupersub ,Ca)Na\sub 2\nosupersub (Ca,Na\sub 2\nosupersub )\sub 3\nosupersub CaSi\sub 6\nosupersub O\sub 18\nosupersub\par
\cf2\lang4105\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-Roed] \lang1033 Roedderite\lang1046\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
\lang4105 Roedderite solid solution (Na,K)\sub 2\nosupersub Mg\sub 5\nosupersub Si\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 30\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \par
\lang4105 Na\sub 2\nosupersub Mg\sub 5\nosupersub Si\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 30\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\sub\lang4105  \nosupersub\lang1033 and \lang4105 K\sub 2\nosupersub Mg\sub 5\nosupersub Si\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 30\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1)\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1033 [FToxid-Feld] Feldspar\par
OXIDE solution \endash  Feldspar\par
\cf0\par
\lang3084 NaAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  KAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  NaFeSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  solution\par
\par
\lang1033 Mineralogical names: Albite (NaAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub ), Sanidine (KAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub ), Anorthite (CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub ), Celsian (BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub ).\par
\par
End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: NaAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub (S2), KAlSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub (S1), CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub (S2), \lang4105 SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 (S1) and BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub (S1).\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap when Ca is present or when Sr and Ba are present simultaneously. (Use I option.)\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-M3Si] (Ba,Sr)3SiO5\par
\lang4105 OXIDE solution \endash\lang1046  (Ba,Sr)3SiO5\lang4105\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 (Ba,Sr)\sub 3\nosupersub SiO\sub 5\nosupersub  with Ca\sub 3\nosupersub SiO\sub 5\nosupersub  in solution\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-C3Si] Ca3SiO5\par
\lang3084 OXIDE solution \endash\lang1046  Ca3SiO5\lang3084\par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub SiO\sub 5\nosupersub  with Sr\sub 3\nosupersub SiO\sub 5\nosupersub  in solution\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-Merw] Merwinite\par
OXIDE solution - Merwinite\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Mineralogical name: merwinite (Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 3\nosupersub MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\par
\par
\cf2 [FToxid-C2BM] Ca2BaMgSi2O8\par
OXIDE solution \par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Distribution of cations over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
[Ca,Ba]\sub 2\nosupersub [Ba,Ca]MgSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-BCSO] Ba2Ca(Ba,Ca)Si2O8\par
OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 Ba\sub 3\nosupersub CaSi\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \endash  Ba\sub 2\nosupersub Ca\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
\lang1033 T-phase\par
\cf2\par
\lang4105\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-PsWo] Pseudo-Wollastonite\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
(Ca,Sr)SiO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich, dissolving BaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
Mineralogical name: pseudo-wollastonite (CaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-BaSi] BaSiO3\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 BaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub  dissolving calcium and strontium (BaSiO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich)\par
\cf2\par
\par
[FToxid-Wals] Walstromite\par
OXIDE solution - Walstromite\par
\cf0\lang4105\par
\lang1033 Mineralogical name: walstromite (BaCa\sub 2\nosupersub Si\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 9\nosupersub )\par
\par
Distribution of cations over the cation sites is taken into account as follows:\par
\par
[Ca,Ba,Sr][Ba,Ca,Sr]CaSi\sub 3\nosupersub O\sub 9\nosupersub\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-Ba8A] Ba8Al2O11\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 Ba\sub 8\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  with Ca\sub 8\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  and Sr\sub 8\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub  in solution (Ba\sub 8\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 11\nosupersub -rich)\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-Me4A] (Sr,Ba)4Al2O7\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 (Sr,Ba)\sub 4\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  with Ca\sub 4\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  in solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-Me3A] (Ca,Sr,Ba)3Al2O6\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 (Ca,Sr,Ba)\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 6\nosupersub  cubic phase\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-MeAl] High-T-(Ba,Sr)Al2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 High-temperature (Ba,Sr)Al\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-CaAl] CaAl2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  and SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution (CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-SrAl] Low-T-SrAl2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 Low-temperature SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  and BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution (SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub -rich)\par
\par
\cf2\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-BaAl] Low-T-BaAl2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 Low-temperature BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with CaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  and SrAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  in solution (BaAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub -rich)\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-MeA2] (Ca,Sr)Al4O7\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 (Ca,Sr)Al\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 7 \nosupersub solid solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-MeA6] (Ca,Sr,Ba)Al12O19\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 (Ca,Sr)Al\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub  with magnetoplumbite structure dissolving BaAl\sub 12\nosupersub O\sub 19\nosupersub\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-bAlu] Beta-alumina\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 Ba\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 44\nosupersub O\sub 69\nosupersub -BaAl\sub 10\nosupersub MgO\sub 17\nosupersub -Sr\sub 3\nosupersub Al\sub 44\nosupersub O\sub 69\nosupersub -SrAl\sub 10\nosupersub MgO\sub 17\nosupersub  solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-BaB2] BaB2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 BaB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with CaB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4 \nosupersub and SrB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4 \nosupersub in solution (BaB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub -rich)\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-MeB2] \lang1033 (Ca,Sr)\lang1046 B2O4\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 (Ca,Sr)B\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub  with BaB\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4 \nosupersub in solution\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-BaB8] BaB8O13\par
\lang1033 OXIDE solution\par
\par
\cf0 BaB\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 13\nosupersub  with CaB\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 13 \nosupersub and SrB\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 13 \nosupersub in solution (BaB\sub 8\nosupersub O\sub 13\nosupersub -rich)\par
\cf2\par
\par
\lang1046 [FToxid-C2SP] a-C2S-C3P\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
alpha-Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub  \endash  Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  solid solution\par
\par
\lang4105 End-members in \lang1033 pure compound database \lang4105 FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1033 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub SiO\sub 4\nosupersub (S3), \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 (S3)\lang4105 .\par
\par
\lang1033 Mg, Fe, Mn, Ba and B are not components of FToxid-\lang1046 C2SP\lang1033  and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FToxid-\lang1046 C2SP\lang1033 .  For silicate systems containing appreciable amounts of Mg, Fe, Mn, Ba or B, use FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033 .\par
\par
For systems containing large amounts of both Mg and P, but a small amount of Si, use FToxid-C3Pr.\par
\par
Select only one of the following solutions, which describe the same phase: FToxid-C2SP, FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033  and FToxid-C3Pr.\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-C3Pr] alpha\rquote -Ca3P2O8\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Alpha-prime Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  stable at high temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 Si is not a component of FToxid-\lang1046 C3Pr\lang1033  and so the calculated contents of silicates will always be zero if you use FToxid-C3Pr.  If the solubility of silicates in \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8 \nosupersub\lang1033 is more important than the solubility of Mg, use FToxid-C2SP.\par
\lang1046\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang4105  (S3)\lang1033 .\par
\par
Select only one of the following solutions, which describe the same phase: FToxid-C2SP, FToxid-aC2S\lang1053 A\lang1033  and FToxid-C3Pr.\par
\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-C3Pa] alpha-Ca3P2O8\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Alpha-Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  stable at intermediate temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang4105  (S2)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-C3Pb] beta-Ca3P2O8\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Beta-Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  stable at low temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang4105  (S1)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046\par
[FToxid-M3Pa] Mg3P2O8\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \lang1033 with \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang4105  (S1)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CMPc] (Ca,Mg)3Mg3P4O16\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Ca\sub 3\nosupersub Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 4\nosupersub O\sub 16\nosupersub -based solid solution in the Mg\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub  \lang1033\endash  \lang1046 Ca\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 8\nosupersub\lang1033  section\lang1046  \par
\par
\cf2\par
[FToxid-M2Pa] Mg2P2O7-HT\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
Mg\sub 2\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  stable at high temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 Ca\sub 2\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 Mg\sub 2\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 Mg\sub 2\nosupersub P\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub\lang4105  (S2)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CaFh] CaF2-HT\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  stable at high temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 CaO\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 CaF\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 CaF\sub 2\nosupersub\lang4105  (S2)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-CaFl] CaF2-LT\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  stable at low temperatures\lang1033  with \lang1046 CaO\lang1033  in solution (\lang1046 CaF\sub 2\nosupersub\lang1033 -rich)\lang1046  \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 CaF\sub 2\nosupersub\lang4105  (S1)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-MgF2] MgF2\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
MgF\sub 2\nosupersub  solution; dilute LiF \par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 MgF\sub 2\nosupersub\lang4105  (S1)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\par
\cf2\lang1046 [FToxid-LiF_] LiF\par
OXIDE solution\par
\cf0\par
LiF solution; dilute MgF\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\par
\lang1033 End-members in pure compound database FToxidBase.cdb: \lang1046 LiF\lang4105  (S1)\lang1033 .\lang4105\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\par
}
 