{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105\deflangfe4105{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red51\green153\blue51;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp80 \brdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1\brsp20 \widctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs40\lang1033               SOLUTIONS (SALTS) IN FTsalt \cf2\b0\fs18\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf3\fs24\par
\par
\par
[FTsalt-SALTA]      \cf4 ASalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE/FLUORIDE SOLUTION\cf0\par
\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K,Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba//Cl,F (dilute: O,OH) \par
\cf0\par
(Chlorides and fluorides of Li, Na, K, Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba with O[2-] and OH[-] in dilute amounts.)\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions including reciprocal systems (systems with two or more cations and two or more anions), \ul\b with the exception of\ulnone\b0  the Ba-containing reciprocal systems (which are only predicted from the model parameters for the common-ion binary sub-systems).\par
Evaluations for O and OH in dilute solutions rich in fluorides are less precise than when rich in chlorides.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap \b in reciprocal systems\b0 . \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par

\pard\cbpat7\keep\widctlpar\cf2 Density model available for the NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and LiF-NaF-KF-MgF\sub 2\nosupersub -CaF\sub 2\nosupersub  molten salt systems. \cf0 Approximate density calculations may be performed for the entire system Li, Na, K, Mg, Ca // Cl, F : all binary common-cation systems of the type LiCl-LiF, MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -MgF\sub 2\nosupersub ,\'85 and all LiCl-based chloride binary systems of the type LiCl-NaCl, LiCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub ,\'85 are then assumed to be ideal (in terms of the volumetric properties). In the Menu Window of Equilib, select the liquid solution FTsalt-SALTA and \ul\b check the box \ldblquote include molar volume data and physical properties data\rdblquote\ulnone\b0 . In the Results Window, the density value (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) calculated from the model is displayed (in parentheses) at the 2\super nd\nosupersub  line of the block corresponding to the liquid phase. A system density (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) that takes into account the available density data for all phases at equilibrium (liquid + 1 or more solid phases) is displayed below the integral property table.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3007, 3008, 3009, 3010, 3011, 3025, 3026, 3032, 3036, 3039\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-SALTB]      \cf4 BSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K,Mg,Ca,Mn,Fe(II),Fe(III),Co,Ni //Cl (dilute: O,OH)\par
\cf0\par
LiCl-NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -MnCl\sub 2\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 2\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CoCl\sub 2\nosupersub -NiCl\sub 2\nosupersub  with O[2-] and OH[-] in dilute amounts.\par
Molten chloride system evaluated and optimized at all compositions. Evaluations for O and OH in dilute solutions containing MnCl\sub 2\nosupersub , FeCl\sub 2\nosupersub , FeCl\sub 3\nosupersub , CoCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and/or NiCl\sub 2\nosupersub  are much less precise than in dilute solutions containing LiCl, NaCl, KCl, MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and/or CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
\par

\pard\cbpat7\keep\widctlpar\cf2 Density model available for the NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  molten salt system. \cf0 In the Menu Window of Equilib, select the liquid solution FTsalt-SALTB and \ul\b check the box \ldblquote include molar volume data and physical properties data\rdblquote\ulnone\b0 . In the Results Window, the density value (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) calculated from the model is displayed (in parentheses) at the 2\super nd\nosupersub  line of the block corresponding to the liquid phase. A system density (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) that takes into account the available density data for all phases at equilibrium (liquid + 1 or more solid phases) is displayed below the integral property table.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3008, 3013, 3014, 3016, 3026\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTC]      \cf4 CSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION with AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K,Mg,Ca,Mn,Fe(II),Fe(III),Co,Ni,Al(tetra),Al(penta),Al\sub 2\nosupersub [6+] //Cl \par
\cf0\par
LiCl-NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -MnCl\sub 2\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 2\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CoCl\sub 2\nosupersub -NiCl\sub 2\nosupersub -AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub  liquid solution\par
\par
A distinction among 4-coordinated Al[3+] (Al tetra), 5-coordinated Al[3+] (Al penta) and dimeric Al\sub 2\nosupersub [6+] is made in the model. The 5-coordinated Al[3+] species (Al penta) was introduced only in order to be consistent with the model used for AlF\sub 3\nosupersub -based (cryolitic) systems (see FThall database).\par
\par
Evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
(The AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 3\nosupersub  binary system was assumed ideal. Note also that the 2 binary terminal solid solutions in the AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub -FeCl\sub 3\nosupersub  system remain to be optimized.)\par
\par
Miscibility gaps \b in solutions with AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub\b0 . \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par

\pard\cbpat7\keep\widctlpar\cf2 Density model available for the NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  molten salt system. \cf0 In the Menu Window of Equilib, select the liquid solution FTsalt-SALTC and \ul\b check the box \ldblquote include molar volume data and physical properties data\rdblquote\ulnone\b0 . In the Results Window, the density value (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) calculated from the model is displayed (in parentheses) at the 2\super nd\nosupersub  line of the block corresponding to the liquid phase. A system density (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) that takes into account the available density data for all phases at equilibrium (liquid + 1 or more solid phases) is displayed below the integral property table.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3008, 3013, 3014, 3015, 3016, 3026\lang4105\par
\cf0\lang1033\par
For molten (cryolitic) solutions containing AlF\sub 3\nosupersub  use the FThall database.\par
\par
\cf1 References: 3012\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTD]      \cf4 DSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba//Cl (dilute: O,OH)\par
\cf0\par
LiCl-NaCl-KCl-RbCl-CsCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -SrCl\sub 2\nosupersub -BaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  with O[2-] and OH[-] in dilute amounts.\par
\par
Molten chloride system evaluated and optimized at all compositions. Evaluations for O and OH in dilute solutions containing RbCl, CsCl, SrCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and/or BaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  are much less precise than in dilute solutions containing LiCl, NaCl, KCl, MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and/or CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub . \par
\par

\pard\cbpat7\keep\widctlpar\cf2 Density model available for the NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  molten salt system. \cf0 In the Menu Window of Equilib, select the liquid solution FTsalt-SALTD and \ul\b check the box \ldblquote include molar volume data and physical properties data\rdblquote\ulnone\b0 . In the Results Window, the density value (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) calculated from the model is displayed (in parentheses) at the 2\super nd\nosupersub  line of the block corresponding to the liquid phase. A system density (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) that takes into account the available density data for all phases at equilibrium (liquid + 1 or more solid phases) is displayed below the integral property table.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3007, 3008, 3011, 3026\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTE]      \cf4 ESalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN ALKALI SALT SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs//F,Cl,Br,I,NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,OH\par
\cf0\par
Molten salt solution of all fluorides, chlorides, bromides, iodides, nitrates and hydroxides of Li, Na, K, Rb and Cs.\par
\par
All binary systems (AX-AY and AX-BX) have been evaluated and optimized, \ul\b with the exception of\ulnone  :\b0  LiI-LiNO\sub 3\nosupersub , RbF-RbNO\sub 3\nosupersub , RbF-RbOH, RbCl-RbNO\sub 3\nosupersub , RbBr-RbOH, RbI-RbNO\sub 3\nosupersub , RbI-RbOH, CsF-CsOH, CsCl-CsOH, CsBr-CsOH, CsI-CsOH and CsI-CsNO\sub 3\nosupersub  for which ideal liquid solutions are assumed.\par
\par
All ternary common-ion systems (AX-BX-CX and AX-AY-AZ) of the Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs//F,Cl,Br,I sub-system have been evaluated and optimized.\par
\par
Reciprocal ternary systems (those containing two cations and two anions) optimized only for fluorides and chlorides of Li, Na and K (as in FTsalt-SALTA). Other reciprocal ternary interactions are estimated. Hence, calculations for most multicomponent common-ion systems should be good, but calculations for multicomponent reciprocal systems (containing 2 or more cations and 2 or more anions) will not be as good if any of Rb, Cs, Br, I, NO\sub 3\nosupersub  or OH are present.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap \b in reciprocal systems\b0 . \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
FTsalt-SALTE is the only approved FTsalt-SALTx solution containing Br and I. OH and NO\sub 3\nosupersub  are also found in FTsalt-SALTF. (OH is also found in other FTsalt-SALTx solutions, but only in dilute amounts.)\par
Rb and Cs are also found in FTsalt-SALTD and FTsalt-SALTG.   \par
\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3004, 3006, 3017\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTF]      \cf4 FSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN ALKALI SALT SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Li,Na,K //F,Cl,NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,OH,SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Molten salt solution of all fluorides, chlorides, nitrates, hydroxides, sulfates and carbonates of Li, Na and K.\par
\par
All binary systems (AX-AY and AX-BX) \b but no\b0  ternary common-ion systems (AX-BX-CX and AX-AY-AZ) have been evaluated and optimized \b except\b0  LiF-NaF-KF and LiCl-NaCl-KCl.\par
\par
The reciprocal ternary systems (those containing two cations and two anions) that have been optimized are: the fluorides and chlorides of Li, Na and K (as in FTsalt-SALTA); Na,K//Cl,CO\sub 3\nosupersub ; Na,K//Cl,SO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Na,K//CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\nosupersub . Other reciprocal ternary interactions are estimated. Hence, calculations for multicomponent common-ion systems should be good, but calculations for multicomponent reciprocal systems (containing 2 or more cations and 2 or more anions) will usually not be as good if any of NO\sub 3\nosupersub , OH, SO\sub 4\nosupersub  or CO\sub 3\nosupersub  are present.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gap \b in reciprocal systems\b0 . \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
FTsalt-SALTF is the only FTsalt-SALTx solution containing SO\sub 4\nosupersub  and CO\sub 3\nosupersub . OH and NO\sub 3\nosupersub  are also found in FTsalt-SALTE. (OH is also found in other FTsalt-SALTx solutions, but only in dilute amounts.)\par
\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3003, 3004, 3005, 3027\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTG]      \cf4 GSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION containing rare-earth chlorides\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5\lang1036 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,La,Ce //Cl \par
\cf0\par
\lang1033 LiCl-NaCl-KCl-RbCl-CsCl-LaCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CeCl\sub 3\nosupersub  (The LaCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CeCl\sub 3\nosupersub  binary system was assumed ideal.)\par
\par
This is the only FTsalt molten salt solution containing rare earth salts with Na, K, Rb or Cs halides. \par
\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3008, 3018\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTH]      \cf4 HSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION with PbCl\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5 Na,K,Ca,Pb //Cl \par
\cf0\par
NaCl-KCl-CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -PbCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
\par
This is the only approved FTsalt molten salt solution containing PbCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3008, 3019\par
\cf0\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-SALTI]      \cf4 ISalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN CHLORIDE SOLUTION with ZnCl\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5\lang1040 Na,K,Mg,Ca,Al(tetra),Al(penta),Al\sub 2\nosupersub [6+],Zn //Cl \par
\cf0\par
\lang1043 NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub -ZnCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
\par
\lang1033 A distinction among 4-coordinated Al[3+] (Al tetra), 5-coordinated Al[3+] (Al penta) and dimeric Al\sub 2\nosupersub [6+] is made in the model. The 5-coordinated Al[3+] species (Al penta) was introduced only in order to be consistent with the model used for AlF\sub 3\nosupersub -based (cryolitic) systems (see FThall database).\par
\par
This is the only approved FTsalt molten salt solution containing ZnCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\par
\par
Miscibility gaps \b in solutions with AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub\b0 . \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\cf1\par

\pard\cbpat7\keep\widctlpar\cf2 Density model available for the \cf0 NaCl-KCl-MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and \cf2 NaCl-KCl-ZnCl\sub 2\nosupersub  molten salt systems. \cf0 In the Menu Window of Equilib, select the liquid solution FTsalt-SALTI and \ul\b check the box \ldblquote include molar volume data and physical properties data\rdblquote\ulnone\b0 . In the Results Window, the density value (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) calculated from the model is displayed (in parentheses) at the 2\super nd\nosupersub  line of the block corresponding to the liquid phase. A system density (in gram\f1\u8729?\f0\lang1033 cm\super -3\nosupersub ) that takes into account the available density data for all phases at equilibrium (liquid + 1 or more solid phases) is displayed below the integral property table.\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf1\par
References: 3002, 3008, 3015, 3016, 3026, 3038, 3045\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-SALTJ]      \cf4 JSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN FLUORIDE SOLUTION FOR NUCLEAR APPLICATIONS\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5\lang1040 Li,Th,U(III),U(IV),Pu(III),Pu(IV),Cr(II),Cr(III),Ni(II),Mo(V) //F \par
\cf0\par
\lang1043 LiF-ThF\sub 4\nosupersub -UF\sub 3\nosupersub -UF\sub 4\nosupersub -PuF\sub 3\nosupersub -PuF\sub 4\nosupersub -CrF\sub 2\nosupersub -CrF\sub 3\nosupersub -NiF\sub 2\nosupersub -MoF\sub 5\nosupersub .\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\qj\lang1033 This FTsalt molten salt solution is dedicated to the LiF-ThF\sub 4\nosupersub -UF\sub 3\nosupersub -UF\sub 4\nosupersub -PuF\sub 3\nosupersub -PuF\sub 4\nosupersub  system for the so-called Molten Salt Nuclear Reactors (MSBR Molten Salt Breeder Reactors for example). It has been developed in collaboration with the PECSA Laboratory of the Universit\'e9 Paris VI (Jussieu), in support of the French CNRS / European proposal for the development of a molten salt reactor technology. ITU-Karlsruhe (Germany) was also involved in the development. \par
The database has been developed to predict the following :\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang4105 The LiF-ThF\sub 4\nosupersub  liquidus and eutectic temperatures ;\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}The solubility of PuF\sub 3\nosupersub  in LiF-ThF\sub 4\nosupersub  melts ;\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}The impact of the nuclear conversion of ThF\sub 4\nosupersub  into UF\sub 4\nosupersub  on the solubility of PuF\sub 3\nosupersub  in the melt (this includes the Li\sub x\nosupersub (Th,U)\sub y\nosupersub F\sub 4y+x\nosupersub  solid solutions) ;\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Estimation of the U\super 3+\nosupersub /U\super 4+\nosupersub  and Pu\super 3+\nosupersub /Pu\super 4+\nosupersub  oxido-reduction behaviour.\par

\pard\widctlpar\qj\f2\lang1033 In order to evaluate the oxido-reduction behaviour of the molten salt solution contained in Ni-Cr-based alloys (such as Hastelloys), the components CrF\sub 2\nosupersub , CrF\sub 3\nosupersub , NiF\sub 2\nosupersub  and MoF\sub 5\nosupersub  were added to the liquid phase \i as ideal components\i0  (\i i.e.\i0  their Gibbs energies g\super 0\sub liquid\nosupersub  are included, but these components mix ideally with all other components).   \par

\pard\widctlpar\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-SALTK]      \cf4 KSalt-liquid\cf3\par
A MOLTEN ALKALI NITRATE-NITRITE SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-SALT.\par
\par
\cf5\lang1040 Na,K //NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,NO\sub 2\nosupersub  \par
\cf0\par
\lang1043 Ternary reciprocal system NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub -KNO\sub 3\nosupersub -NaNO\sub 2\nosupersub -KNO\sub 2\nosupersub  evaluated and optimized at all compositions.\par
\par
\cf3\lang1033\par
[FTsalt-SALT?]      \cf4 ?Salt-liquid\cf3\par
GENERAL MOLTEN SALT SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
The components that can be used for the calculations are :\par
- \cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,Ag//F,Cl,Br,I,O,OH,NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\par
\cf0\nosupersub - \cf5 Na,K//NO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
\cf0 - \cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba//F,Cl,O,OH,CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\par
\cf0\nosupersub - \cf5 Mn,Fe(II),Fe(III),Co,Ni//Cl,O,OH\par
\cf0\lang3084 - \cf5 La,Ce,Nd//F,Cl\par
\cf0 - \cf5 Al(tetra),Al(penta),Al\sub 2\nosupersub [6+],Zn,Pb//Cl \par
\cf0 - \cf5\lang1040 Th,U(III),U(IV),Pu(III),Pu(IV),Cr(II),Cr(III),Ni(II),Mo(V)//F \par
\lang3084\par
\cf0\lang1033 Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been assumed ideal or have been approximated. \par
\par
For the approved sub-systems of components for which data have been evaluated and optimized, scan up to see the descriptions of FTsalt-SALTA, SALTB, \f0\'85\f2 , SALTK.\par
\par
\b SPECIAL MEASURES MUST BE TAKEN IF YOU USE FTsalt-SALT?\par
\b0 These measures are a result of the two-sublattice-model used for this solution.\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT TAKE THESE MEASURES, THE CALCULATIONS MAY BE COMPLETELY ERRONEOUS!!\par
\b0\par
Right click on FTsalt-SALT? and then go through the list of components to make sure that the selected components (those marked with a +) constitute a complete set of cation/anion pairs. For example, suppose that the selected components contain cations A, B and C and anions X, Y and Z. There must then be exactly 9 selected components of all possible pairs: AX, AY, AZ, BX, BY, BZ, CX, CY, CZ. If this is not the case, you will have to de-select certain components (click on the + to remove it) until this criterion is satisfied.\par
\par
\b If AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub  is present do NOT use FTsalt-SALT?. Use FTsalt-SALTC or FTsalt-SALTI.\par
\par
\b0 Possible miscibility gaps \b in reciprocal systems\b0  (systems with 2 or more cations and 2 or more anions.) \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 References: 3002, 3003, 3004, 3005, 3006, 3007, 3008, 3009, 3010, 3011, 3013, 3014, 3015, 3016, 3017, 3018, 3019, 3027, 3036, 3038, 3039\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-B1]      \cf4 Rocksalt\cf3\par
ROCKSALT SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Rocksalt Strukturbericht : FCC_B1; Pearson : cF8; Space group : Fm-3m (225); prototype : NaCl)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,Cu(I),Ag,Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni,Cu(II),Zn,Fe(III),Al,Va\cf1 )\{\cf5 H[-], F,Cl,Br,I,C\sub 2\nosupersub [2-],O,OH,NO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the cationic sublattice, related to the solubility of salts with a divalent or trivalent cation.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This Rocksalt-FCC-B1 solid solution was previously divided into many differently named solution models without common intersolubility. This new solid solution includes the hydrides, fluorides, chlorides, bromides, iodides, acetylides, hydroxides and nitrates (with several oxides) of Li, Na, K, Rb, Cs, with solubilities of Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba. Minor solubility of the transition metals and Ag have also been added. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated. \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-B2]      \cf4 CsCl\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE CsCl(s\sub 1\nosupersub ) STRUCTURE\par
(CsCl Strukturbericht : BCC_B2; Pearson : cP2; Space group : Pm-3m (221); prototype : CsCl)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,Cu(I),Ag,NH\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub )\{\cf5 H[-],F,Cl,Br,I,OH\cf1\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This CsCl-BCC-B2 solid solution was previously divided into several differently named solution models without common intersolubility. This new solid solution includes in particular the hydrides, fluorides, chlorides, bromides, iodides and hydroxides of Li, Na, K, Rb and Cs. \par
Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-B3]      \cf4 Sphalerite\cf3\par
SPHALERITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Sphalerite Strukturbericht : B3; Pearson : cF8; Space group : F-43m (216); prototype : ZnS)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Cu(I),Ag,Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni,Cu(II),Zn,Fe(III),Va\cf1 )\{\cf5 Va,F,Cl,S[2-], C\sub 2\nosupersub [2-],O,OH\cf1\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the cationic sublattice or on the anionic sublattice.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This ZnS-B3 solid solution was previously divided into several differently named solution models without common intersolubility. This new solid solution includes in particular the fluorides, chlorides, sulfides, acetylides, oxides and hydroxides of Cu(I) and Zn. \par
Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-B4]      \cf4 Wurtzite\cf3\par
WURTZITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Wurtzite Strukturbericht : B4; Pearson : hP4; Space group : P63mc (186); prototype : ZnS-W)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ag,Be,Cd,Mn,Zn\cf1 )\{\cf5 I,O,S[2-]\cf1\}\cf5\par
\cf0\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice.\par
\ul\par
Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the iodides, oxides and sulfides of Ag, Be, Cd, Mn and Zn. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-B10]      \cf4 Litharge\cf3\par
LITHARGE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Litharge Strukturbericht : B10; Pearson : tP4; Space group : P4/nmm (129); prototype : alpha-PbO)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Pb,Sn\cf1 )\{\cf5 O,OH\cf1\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice.\par
\ul\par
Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the oxides and hydroxides of Li, Pb and Sn. All binary sub-systems have been approximated.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-C1]      \cf4 Fluorite\cf3\par
FLUORITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Fluorite Strukturbericht : FCC_C1; Pearson : cF12; Space group : Fm-3m (225); prototype : CaF\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 )\{\cf5 F,Cl,H[-],O,Va\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of oxides.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides, chlorides, hydrides and oxides of Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-dC1]      \cf4 Distorted_Fluorite\cf3\par
A DISTORTED FLUORITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Distorted_Fluorite Strukturbericht : FCC_C1; Pearson : cF12; Space group : Fm-3m (225); prototype : CaF\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 )\{\cf5 F,Cl,H[-],O,Va\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of oxides.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides, chlorides, hydrides and oxides of Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-aC1]      \cf4 Antifluorite\cf3\par
AN ANTIFLUORITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Antifluorite Strukturbericht : FCC_C1; Pearson : cF12; Space group : Fm-3m (225); prototype : Li\sub 2\nosupersub O)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs,Ag,Cu(I),Ca,Va\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub\{\cf5 O,S[2-],C\sub 2\nosupersub [2-]\cf1\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the cationic sublattice, related to the solubility of Ca components.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the oxides, sulfides and acetylides of Li, Na, K, Rb, Cs, Ag, Cu(I) and Ca. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C2]      \cf4 Pyrite\cf3\par
PYRITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Pyrite Strukturbericht : C2; Pearson : cP12; Space group : Pa-3 (205); prototype : FeS\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 FeS\sub 2\nosupersub -NiS\sub 2\nosupersub -CuS\sub 2\nosupersub -CoS\sub 2\nosupersub -MnS\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the disulfides of Fe(II), Ni, Cu(II), Co and Mn. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C3]      \cf4 Cuprite\cf3\par
Ag\sub 2\nosupersub O-Cu\sub 2\nosupersub O SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Cuprite Strukturbericht : C3; Pearson : cP6; Space group : Pn-3m (224); prototype : Ag\sub 2\nosupersub O)\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Ag\sub 2\nosupersub O-Cu\sub 2\nosupersub O.\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the oxides of Ag and Cu(I). \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C4]      \cf4 Rutile\cf3\par
A RUTILE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Rutile Strukturbericht : C4; Pearson : tP6; Space group : P42/mnm (136); prototype : TiO\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 [\cf5 Al,Ba,Ca,Co(II),Co(III),Cr(II),Cr(III),Cu(II),Fe(II),Fe(III),Li,Mg,Mn(II),Mn(III),Mn(IV),Nb(III),Nb(IV),Ni,Sr,Ta,Ti(II),Ti(III),Ti(IV),V(II),V(III),V(IV),Zn,Zr\cf1 ]\{\cf5 F,Cl,O,Va\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the anionic sublattice.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides, chlorides and oxides of Al, Ba, Ca, Co(II), Co(III), Cr(II), Cr(III), Cu(II), Fe(II), Fe(III), Li, Mg, Mn(II), Mn(III), Mn(IV), Nb(III), Nb(IV), Ni, Sr, Ta, Ti(II), Ti(III), Ti(IV), V(II), V(III), V(IV), Zn and Zr. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C5]      \cf4 Anatase\cf3\par
SnO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Anatase Strukturbericht : C5; Pearson : tI12; Space group : I41/amd (141); prototype : TiO\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 SnO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the oxides of Sn(IV) and Ti(IV), and it has been assumed ideal. \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C6]      \cf4 CdI2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE CdI\sub 2\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(CdI\sub 2\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : C6; Pearson : hP3; Space group : P-3m1 (164); prototype : CdI\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Cd,Co,Cr(II),Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Nb(II),Ni,Pb,Ti(II),V(II)\cf1 )\{\cf5 Cl,Br,I,OH\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice.\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorides, bromides, iodides and hydroxides of Ca, Cd, Co, Cr(II), Fe(II), Mg, Mn, Nb(II), Ni, Pb, Ti(II) and V(II). Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C7]      \cf4 MS2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE MoS\sub 2\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(MS\sub 2\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : C7; Pearson : hP6; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : MoS\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 MoS\sub 2\nosupersub -TaS\sub 2\nosupersub -WS\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the sulfides of Mo(IV), Ta(IV) and W(IV). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-C21]      \cf4 Brookite\cf3\par
TeO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Brookite Strukturbericht : C21; Pearson : oP24; Space group : Pbca (61); prototype : TiO\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 TeO\sub 2\nosupersub -TiO\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the oxides of Te(IV) and Ti(IV). \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-C23]      \cf4 Cotunnite\cf3\par
A COTUNNITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Cotunnite Strukturbericht : C23; Pearson : oP12; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : PbCl\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba,Fe(II),Ni,Co,Mn,Pb,Hg(II)\cf1 )\{\cf5 F,Cl,H[-],O,Va\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of oxides.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides, chlorides, hydrides and oxides of Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba, Fe(II), Ni, Co, Mn, Pb and Hg(II). Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-C35]      \cf4 Hydrophilite\par
\cf3 AN HYDROPHILITE SOLID SOLUTION MCl\sub 2\nosupersub\par
(Hydrophilite Strukturbericht : C35; Pearson : oP6; Space group : Pnnm (58); prototype : CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 BaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CaCl\sub 2\nosupersub -CrCl\sub 2\nosupersub -MgCl\sub 2\nosupersub -NbCl\sub 2\nosupersub -SrCl\sub 2\nosupersub -TiCl\sub 2\nosupersub -VCl\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorides of Ba, Ca, Cr(II), Mg, Nb(II), Sr, Ti(II) and V(II). Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D04]      \cf4 CrCl3\par
\cf3 CrCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CrI\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(CrCl\sub 3\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D04; Pearson : hP24; Space group : P3112 (151); prototype : CrCl\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 CrCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CrI\sub 3\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chloride and iodide of Cr(III), and it has been assumed ideal. \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D05]      \cf4 BiI3\par
\cf3 A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE BiI\sub 3\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(BiI\sub 3\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D05; Pearson : hR8; Space group : R-3 (148); prototype : BiI\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Bi(III),Cr(III),Fe(III),Ti(III),V(III)\cf1 )\{\cf5 Cl,Br,I\cf1\}\sub 3\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorides, bromides and iodides of Bi(III), Cr(III), Fe(III), Ti(III) and V(III). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D09]      \cf4 ReO3\par
\cf3 A SOLID SOLUTION MF\sub 3\nosupersub\par
(ReO\sub 3\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D09; Pearson : cP4; Space group : Pm-3m (221); prototype : ReO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 AlF\sub 3\nosupersub -FeF\sub 3\nosupersub -ScF\sub 3\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides of Al, Fe(III) and Sc. Only the AlF\sub 3\nosupersub -FeF\sub 3\nosupersub  binary sub-system has been evaluated and optimized. The two other binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D011]      \cf4 orthorhombic-REF3\par
\cf3 AN ORTHORHOMBIC-REF3 SOLID SOLUTION\par
(orthorhombic-REF3 Strukturbericht : D011; Pearson : oP16; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : Fe\sub 3\nosupersub C)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Sc,Y,La,Ce,Pr,Nd,Sm,Eu,Gd,Tb,Dy,Ho,Er,Tm,Yb,Lu,Eu,Ca,Sr,Ba,U(III),Pu(III),Al,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mn(II),Mn(III)\cf1 )\{\cf5 F,Va\cf1\}\{\cf5 F\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and two anionic sublattices. Va is a neutral vacancy on one anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of salts with a divalent cation.\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides of Sc, Y, La, Ce, Pr, Nd, Sm, Eu, Gd, Tb, Dy, Ho, Er, Tm, Yb, Lu, Eu, Ca, Sr, Ba, U(III), Pu(III), Al, Fe(II), Fe(III), Mn(II) and Mn(III). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D012]      \cf4 alpha-FeF3\par
\cf3 AN ALPHA-FeF\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(alpha-FeF\sub 3\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D012; Pearson : hR24; Space group : R-3c (167); prototype: FeF\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Al,Co(III),Cr(III),Fe(III),Ga,In,Ti(III),V(III)\cf1 )\{\cf5 F,H[-]\cf1\}\sub 3\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice.\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides and hydrides of Al, Co(III), Cr(III), Fe(III), Ga, In, Ti(III) and V(III). Only the AlF\sub 3\nosupersub -FeF\sub 3\nosupersub  binary sub-system has been evaluated and optimized. All other binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D015]      \cf4 AlCl3\par
\cf3 AN AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D015; Pearson : mC16; Space group : C2/m (12); prototype : AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 AlCl\sub 3\nosupersub -CrCl\sub 3\nosupersub -InCl\sub 3\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorides of Al, Cr(III) and In. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-D018]      \cf4 Na3As\par
\cf3 A SOLID SOLUTION MF\sub 3\nosupersub\par
(Na\sub 3\nosupersub As Strukturbericht : D018; Pearson : hP8; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : Na\sub 3\nosupersub As)\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 NpF\sub 3\nosupersub -PuF\sub 3\nosupersub -UF\sub 3\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides of Np(III), Pu(III) and U(III). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D021]      \cf4 Cu3P\par
\cf3 A SOLID SOLUTION MF\sub 3\nosupersub\par
(Cu\sub 3\nosupersub P Strukturbericht : D021; Pearson : hP24; Space group : P63cm (185); prototype : Cu\sub 3\nosupersub P)\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 NpF\sub 3\nosupersub -PuF\sub 3\nosupersub -UF\sub 3\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides of Np(III), Pu(III) and U(III). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-D31]      \cf4 Hg2Cl2\par
\cf3 A Hg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Hg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 2\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : D31; Pearson : tI8; Space group : I4/mmm (139); prototype : Hg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Hg\sub 2\nosupersub F\sub 2\nosupersub -Hg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 2\nosupersub -Hg\sub 2\nosupersub Br\sub 2\nosupersub -Hg\sub 2\nosupersub I\sub 2\nosupersub .\cf0\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluoride, the chloride, the bromide and the iodide of Hg\sub 2\nosupersub [2+]. All binary sub-systems have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-E21_A]      \cf4 Acubic-Perovskite\cf3\par
A CUBIC SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(cubic-Perovskite Strukturbericht : E21; Pearson : cP5; Space group : Pm-3m (221); prototype : CaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-E21_.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Mn, Fe(II), Co and Ni on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-E21_A does not contain Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-E21_A. If Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-E21_B.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-E21_B]      \cf4 Bcubic-Perovskite\cf3\par
A CUBIC SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(cubic-Perovskite Strukturbericht : E21; Pearson : cP5; Space group : Pm-3m (221); prototype : CaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-E21_.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, RbMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, CsMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na, K, Rb and Cs on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-E21_B does not contain Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-E21_B. If Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-E21_A.  \par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-E21_C]      \cf4 Ccubic-Perovskite\cf3\par
A CUBIC SOLID CHLORO-FLUORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(cubic-Perovskite Strukturbericht : E21; Pearson : cP5; Space group : Pm-3m (221); prototype : CaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-E21_.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\{\cf5 F,Cl\cf1\}\cf5\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgF\sub 3\nosupersub , LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaF\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, NaMgF\sub 3\nosupersub , NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, KMgF\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice, and F and Cl on the anionic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-E21_C does not contain Rb, Cs, Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-E21_C. If fluoride is not present, use FTsalt-E21_A or FTsalt-E21_B.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-E21_?]      \cf4 ?cubic-Perovskite\cf3\par
\par
\cf0\ul\b NEVER USE\ulnone\b0  FTsalt-E21_?\par
\par
Because of the use of a 3-sublattice model for this phase, completely erroneous calculations may result for certain combinations of components.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP20A]      \cf4 Aortho-Perovskite\cf3\par
AN ORTHORHOMBIC SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(ortho-Perovskite Pearson : oP20; Space group : Pbnm/Pnma (62); prototype : GdFeO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP20.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Mn, Fe(II), Co and Ni on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-oP20A does not contain Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-oP20A. If Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-oP20B.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-oP20B]      \cf4 Bortho-Perovskite\cf3\par
AN ORTHORHOMBIC SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(ortho-Perovskite Pearson : oP20; Space group : Pbnm/Pnma (62); prototype : GdFeO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP20.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, RbMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, CsMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na, K, Rb and Cs on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-oP20B does not contain Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-oP20B. If Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-oP20A.  \par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-oP20C]      \cf4 Cortho-Perovskite\cf3\par
AN ORTHORHOMBIC SOLID CHLORO-FLUORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(ortho-Perovskite Pearson : oP20; Space group : Pbnm/Pnma (62); prototype : GdFeO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP20.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\{\cf5 F,Cl\cf1\}\cf5\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgF\sub 3\nosupersub , LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaF\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, NaMgF\sub 3\nosupersub , NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, KMgF\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice, and F and Cl on the anionic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-oP20C does not contain Rb, Cs, Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-oP20C. If fluoride is not present, use FTsalt-oP20A or FTsalt-oP20B.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-oP20?]      \cf4 ?ortho-Perovskite\cf3\par
\par
\cf0\ul\b NEVER USE\ulnone\b0  FTsalt-oP20?\par
\par
Because of the use of a 3-sublattice model for this phase, completely erroneous calculations may result for certain combinations of components.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-hR30]      \cf4 Ilmenite\cf3\par
A NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Ilmenite Pearson : hR30; Space group : R-3 (148); prototype : FeTiO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub  solid solution dissolving NaMnCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,\f0\'85\'85\f2 ,LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiMnCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , KMnCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Mn, Fe(II), Co and Ni on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-hP30A]      \cf4 Ahexa-Perovskite\cf3\par
AN HEXAGONAL SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(hexa-Perovskite Pearson : hP30; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : BaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub -6H)\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-hP30.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,....., KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Mn, Fe(II), Co and Ni on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-hP30A does not contain Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-hP30A. If Rb, Cs, Sr or Ba are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-hP30B.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-hP30B]      \cf4 Bhexa-Perovskite\cf3\par
AN HEXAGONAL SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(hexa-Perovskite Pearson : hP30; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : BaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub -6H)\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-hP30.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid perovskite solution of LiMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub , LiCaCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, NaMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, KMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, RbMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, CsMgCl\sub 3\nosupersub ,...................etc. with Li, Na, K, Rb and Cs on one cationic sublattice, and Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-hP30B does not contain Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-hP30B. If Mn, Fe(II), Co or Ni are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-hP30A.  \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-hP30?]      \cf4 ?hexa-Perovskite\cf3\par
GENERAL HEXAGONAL SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION WITH PEROVSKITE STRUCTURE\par
(hexa-Perovskite Pearson : hP30; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : BaTiO\sub 3\nosupersub -6H)\par
\par
\cf0 The components that can be used for the calculations are :\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 3\nosupersub\par
\par
\cf0 Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated. \par
\par
For the approved sub-systems of components for which data have been evaluated and optimized, scan up to see the descriptions of FTsalt-hP30A and FTsalt-hP30B.\par
\par
\b SPECIAL MEASURES MUST BE TAKEN IF YOU USE FTsalt-hP30?\par
\b0 These measures are a result of the two-sublattice-model used for this solution.\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT TAKE THESE MEASURES, THE CALCULATIONS MAY BE COMPLETELY ERRONEOUS!!\par
\b0\par
Right click on FTsalt-hP30? and then go through the list of components to make sure that the selected components (those marked with a +) constitute a complete set of alkali cation/divalent cation pairs. For example, suppose that the selected components contain cations A, B and C on one cationic sublattice, and cations X, Y and Z on the other cationic sublattice. There must then be exactly 9 selected components of all possible pairs: AXCl\sub 3\nosupersub , AYCl\sub 3\nosupersub , AZCl\sub 3\nosupersub , BXCl\sub 3\nosupersub , BYCl\sub 3\nosupersub , BZCl\sub 3\nosupersub , CXCl\sub 3\nosupersub , CYCl\sub 3\nosupersub , CZCl\sub 3\nosupersub . If this is not the case, you will have to de-select certain components (click on the + to remove it) until this criterion is satisfied.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-R-3m]      \cf4 CdCl2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE CdCl\sub 2\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(CdCl\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : hR9; Space group : R-3m (166); prototype : CdCl\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ba,Ca,Cd,Co,Cr(II),Fe(II),Li,Mg,Mn,Ni,Pb,Sr,Ti(II),V(II),Zn\cf1 )\{\cf5 Cl,Br,I,Va,OH\cf1\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of Li salts.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorides, bromides, iodides and hydroxides of  Ba, Ca, Cd, Co, Cr(II), Fe(II), Li, Mg, Mn, Ni, Pb, Sr, Ti(II), V(II) and Zn. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [Ftsalt-tI14A]      \cf4 AK2NiF4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : tI14; Space group : I4/mmm (139); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-tI14.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Li\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Rb\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub  and Cs\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-tI14A does not contain fluorides and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-tI14A. If fluorides are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-tI14B.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-tI14B]      \cf4 BK2NiF4\par
\cf3 A SOLID FLUORIDE/CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MgX\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : tI14; Space group : I4/mmm (139); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-tI14.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub Mg\cf1\{\cf5 F,Cl\cf1\}\sub 4\cf5\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Li\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4 \nosupersub and K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4 \nosupersub with Li, Na and K on one cationic sublattice, Mg on the other cationic sublattice, and F and Cl on the anionic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
FTsalt-tI14B does not contain Rb or Cs as cations and so the calculated contents of these will always be zero if you use FTsalt-tI14B. If Rb or Cs are expected to be present in appreciable amounts, use FTsalt-tI14A.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-tI14?]      \cf4 ?K2NiF4\cf3\par
GENERAL SOLID FLUORIDE/CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MgX\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : tI14; Space group : I4/mmm (139); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub NiF\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
The components that can be used for the calculations are :\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub Mg\cf1\{\cf5 F,Cl\cf1\}\sub 4\cf5\nosupersub\par
\par
\cf0 Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated. \par
\par
For the approved sub-systems of components for which data have been evaluated and optimized, scan up to see the descriptions of FTsalt-tI14A and FTsalt-tI14B.\par
\par
\b SPECIAL MEASURES MUST BE TAKEN IF YOU USE FTsalt-tI14?\par
\b0 These measures are a result of the two-sublattice-model used for this solution.\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT TAKE THESE MEASURES, THE CALCULATIONS MAY BE COMPLETELY ERRONEOUS!!\par
\b0\par
Right click on FTsalt-tI14? and then go through the list of components to make sure that the selected components (those marked with a +) constitute a complete set of cation/anion pairs. For example, suppose that the selected components contain cations A, B and C, and anions F and Cl. There must then be exactly 6 selected components of all possible pairs: A\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4\nosupersub , A\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , B\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4\nosupersub , B\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , C\sub 2\nosupersub MgF\sub 4\nosupersub , C\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub . If this is not the case, you will have to de-select certain components (click on the + to remove it) until this criterion is satisfied.\par
\b\par
\b0 Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[Ftsalt-oC14]      \cf4 Mn2SnS4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION Li\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SnS\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oC14; Space group : Cmmm (65); prototype : Mn\sub 2\nosupersub SnS\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 Co,Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni\cf1 )\cf5 Cl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Li\sub 2\nosupersub CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub FeCl\sub 4\nosupersub (lt), Li\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub MnCl\sub 4\nosupersub  and Li\sub 2\nosupersub NiCl\sub 4\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[Ftsalt-H11a]      \cf4 Al2MgO4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION Li\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(Al\sub 2\nosupersub MgO\sub 4\nosupersub  Strukturbericht : H11; Pearson : cF56; Space group : Fd-3m (227); prototype : MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 Co,Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni\cf1 )\cf5 Cl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Li\sub 2\nosupersub CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub FeCl\sub 4\nosupersub (ht), Li\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub MnCl\sub 4\nosupersub  and Li\sub 2\nosupersub NiCl\sub 4\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
[Ftsalt-cI28A]      \cf4 ATh3P4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(Th\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : cI28; Space group : I-43d (220); prototype : Th\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-cI28.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of K\sub 2\nosupersub CaCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Rb\sub 2\nosupersub CaCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, K\sub 2\nosupersub SrCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub SrCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub BaCl\sub 4\nosupersub  with K, Rb and Cs on one cationic sublattice, and Ca, Sr and Ba on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-cI28?]      \cf4 ?Th3P4\cf3\par
GENERAL SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(Th\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : cI28; Space group : I-43d (220); prototype : Th\sub 3\nosupersub P\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\par
\cf0 The components that can be used for the calculations are :\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba,Pb\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\par
\cf0 Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated. \par
\par
For the approved sub-systems of components for which data have been evaluated and optimized, scan up to see the description of FTsalt-cI28A.\par
\par
\b SPECIAL MEASURES MUST BE TAKEN IF YOU USE FTsalt-cI28?\par
\b0 These measures are a result of the two-sublattice-model used for this solution.\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT TAKE THESE MEASURES, THE CALCULATIONS MAY BE COMPLETELY ERRONEOUS!!\par
\b0\par
Right click on FTsalt-cI28? and then go through the list of components to make sure that the selected components (those marked with a +) constitute a complete set of alkali cation/divalent cation pairs. For example, suppose that the selected components contain cations K, Rb and Cs on one cationic sublattice, and cations A, B and C on the other cationic sublattice. There must then be exactly 9 selected components of all possible pairs: K\sub 2\nosupersub ACl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub BCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub CCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Rb\sub 2\nosupersub ACl\sub 4\nosupersub , Rb\sub 2\nosupersub BCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Rb\sub 2\nosupersub CCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Cs\sub 2\nosupersub ACl\sub 4\nosupersub , Cs\sub 2\nosupersub BCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Cs\sub 2\nosupersub CCl\sub 4\nosupersub . If this is not the case, you will have to de-select certain components (click on the + to remove it) until this criterion is satisfied.\par
\b\par
\b0 Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP14]      \cf4 Sr2PbO4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(Sr\sub 2\nosupersub PbO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP14; Space group : Pbam (55); prototype : Sr\sub 2\nosupersub PbO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 Co,Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Li\sub 2\nosupersub CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Li\sub 2\nosupersub FeCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Na\sub 2\nosupersub NiCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, K\sub 2\nosupersub NiCl\sub 4\nosupersub  with Li, Na, and K on one cationic sublattice, and Co, Fe(II), Mg, Mn and Ni on the other cationic sublattice.\par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP28A]      \cf4 Abeta-K2SO4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP28; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP28.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,CoCl\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf5\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4 \nosupersub and K\sub 2\nosupersub CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-oP28B]      \cf4 Bbeta-K2SO4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP28; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP28.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4 \nosupersub and Cs\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-oP28C]      \cf4 Cbeta-K2SO4\cf3\par
A SOLID CHLORIDE SOLUTION A\sub 2\nosupersub MCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP28; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP28.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,ZnCl\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf5\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub ZnCl\sub 4\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub ZnCl\sub 4\nosupersub (ht). \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-oP28D]      \cf4 Dbeta-K2SO4\cf3\par
A SOLID SULFATE/CARBONATE SOLUTION\par
(beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP28; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
Approved optimized sub-system of FTsalt-oP28.\par
\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf5\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub . \par
\par
Optimized over the entire composition range.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-oP28?]      \cf4 ?beta-K2SO4\par
\cf3 GENERAL SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(beta-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP28; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\par
\cf0 The components that can be used for the calculations are :\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Cs\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,ZnCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,CrO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf5\par
\cf0\par
Solid solution of Na\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,......, Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,......, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub CrO\sub 4\nosupersub  with Na, K and Cs on the cationic sublattice, and MgCl\sub 4\nosupersub , CoCl\sub 4\nosupersub , ZnCl\sub 4\nosupersub , SO\sub 4\nosupersub , CO\sub 3\nosupersub , and CrO\sub 4\nosupersub  on the anionic sublattice. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated. \par
\par
For the approved sub-systems of components for which data have been evaluated and optimized, scan up to see the descriptions of FTsalt-oP28A, \f0\'85\f2 , oP28D.\par
\par
\b SPECIAL MEASURES MUST BE TAKEN IF YOU USE FTsalt-oP28?\par
\b0 These measures are a result of the two-sublattice-model used for this solution.\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT TAKE THESE MEASURES, THE CALCULATIONS MAY BE COMPLETELY ERRONEOUS!!\par
\b0\par
Right click on FTsalt-oP28? and then go through the list of components to make sure that the selected components (those marked with a +) constitute a complete set of cation/anion pairs. For example, suppose that the selected components contain cations Na, K and Cs and anions X, Y and Z. There must then be exactly 9 selected components of all possible pairs: Na\sub 2\nosupersub X, Na\sub 2\nosupersub Y, Na\sub 2\nosupersub Z, K\sub 2\nosupersub X, K\sub 2\nosupersub Y, K\sub 2\nosupersub Z, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub X, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub Y, Cs\sub 2\nosupersub Z. If this is not the case, you will have to de-select certain components (click on the + to remove it) until this criterion is satisfied.\par
\par
Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-hP22]      \cf4 alpha-K2SO4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE alpha-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(alpha-K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : hP22; Space group : P63/mmc (194); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K,Ag,Va,Ca,Ba,Mg\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub\{\cf5 SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,S[2-],CrO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. Va is a neutral vacancy on the cationic sublattice, related to the solubility of salts with a divalent cation.\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the sulfates, carbonates, sulfides and chromates of Li, Na, K, Ag, Ca, Ba and Mg. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-hP14]      \cf4 Glaserite\cf3\par
GLASERITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Glaserite Pearson : hP14; Space group : P-3m1 (164); prototype : K\sub 3\nosupersub Na(SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Na\cf1 )\sub 3\cf5\nosupersub Na\cf1\{\cf5 SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CrO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains K\sub 3\nosupersub Na(SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub , Na\sub 3\nosupersub Na(SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub , K\sub 3\nosupersub Na(CrO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub  and Na\sub 3\nosupersub Na(CrO\sub 4\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-cI?]      \cf4 NaLiSO4-ht\cf3\par
NaLiSO\sub 4\nosupersub -ht SOLID SOLUTION\par
(NaLiSO\sub 4\nosupersub -ht Pearson : cI?; Space group : unknown; prototype : NaLiSO\sub 4\nosupersub -ht)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub SO\sub 4\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This NaLiSO\sub 4\nosupersub (ht) solid solution contains Li\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  and Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  as \f0\ldblquote\f2 end-members\f0\rdblquote\f2 . \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oS24]      \cf4 Anhydrite\cf3\par
AN ANHYDRITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Anhydrite Pearson : oS24; Space group : Amma (63); prototype : CaSO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 )\{\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chromates and sulfates of Mg, Ca, Sr and Ba. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP24]      \cf4 CePO4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE CePO\sub 4\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(CePO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : mP24; Space group : P21/c (14); prototype : CePO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba\cf1 )\{\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chromates and sulfates of Ca, Sr and Ba. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP24]      \cf4 Barite\cf3\par
A BARITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Barite Pearson : oP24; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : alpha-BaSO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba,Na,K\cf1 )\{\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,AlCl\sub 4\nosupersub ,FeCl\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
This solid solution contains the chromates, sulfates, tetrachloroaluminates and tetrachloroferrates of Ca, Sr, Ba, Na and K. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-tI24]      \cf4 ZrSiO4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION WITH THE ZrSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  STRUCTURE\par
(ZrSiO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : tI24; Space group : I41/amd (141); prototype : ZrSiO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba,Zr\cf1 )\{\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SiO\sub 4\nosupersub [4-]\cf1\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
This solid solution contains the chromates, sulfates and orthosilicates of Ca, Sr, Ba and Zr. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mS44]      \cf4 CoAl2Cl8\cf3\par
A CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  Pearson : mS44; Space group : C2/c (15); prototype : CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Co,Cr(II),Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni,Ti(II)\cf1 )\cf5 Al\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , FeAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MnAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , NiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  and TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP44]      \cf4 CrAl2Cl8\cf3\par
A CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  Pearson : oP44; Space group : Pca21 (29); prototype : CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Co,Cr(II),Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni,Ti(II)\cf1 )\cf5 Al\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , FeAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MnAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , NiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  and TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP22]      \cf4 TiAl2Cl8\cf3\par
A TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  Pearson : mP22; Space group : P21/c (14); prototype : TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Co,Cr(II),Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni,Ti(II)\cf1 )\cf5 Al\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains CoAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , CrAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , FeAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MgAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , MnAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub , NiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub  and TiAl\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 8\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP2K]      \cf4 K2CO3\cf3\par
A K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : mP24; Space group : P21/c (14); prototype : K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Na\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub\{\cf5 CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub\}\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains the carbonates and sulfates of K and Na. \par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP2L]      \cf4 LiAlCl4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION AMCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(LiAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : mP24; Space group : P21/c (14); prototype : LiAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na\cf1 )\{\cf5 Al,Fe(III)\cf1\}\cf5 Cl\sub 4\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains the tetrachloroaluminates and tetrachloroferrates of Li and Na. Not all binary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP2F]      \cf4 NaAlCl4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION AMCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(NaAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oP24; Space group : P212121 (19); prototype : NaAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )\{\cf5 Al,Fe(III)\cf1\}\cf5 Cl\sub 4\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains the tetrachloroaluminates and tetrachloroferrates of Li, Na and K. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP2F]      \cf4 KAlCl4\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION AMCl\sub 4\nosupersub\par
(KAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : mP24; Space group : P21 (4); prototype : KAlCl\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Rb\cf1 )\{\cf5 Al,Fe(III)\cf1\}\cf5 Cl\sub 4\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains the tetrachloroaluminates and tetrachloroferrates of Na, K and Rb. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-tP6]      \cf4 PbFCl\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION MFCl\par
(PbFCl Pearson : tP6; Space group : P4/nmm (129); prototype : PbFCl)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba,Pb\cf1 )\cf5 FCl\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chlorofluorides of Ca, Sr, Ba and Pb. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP32]      \cf4 AlkM2Cl5\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION AlkM\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub\par
(AlkM\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub  Pearson : mP32; Space group : P21/c (14); prototype : U\sub 2\nosupersub PbSe\sub 5\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Rb\cf1 )\{\cf5 Sr,Ba,Pb\cf1\}\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains KSr\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub , RbSr\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub , KBa\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub , RbBa\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub , KPb\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub  and RbPb\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 5\nosupersub . Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-cF60]      \cf4 Mg6MnO8\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION A\sub 6\nosupersub MCl\sub 8\nosupersub\par
(Mg\sub 6\nosupersub MnO\sub 8\nosupersub  Pearson : cF60; Space group : Fm-3m (225); prototype : Mg\sub 6\nosupersub MnO\sub 8\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )\sub 6\nosupersub [\cf5 Fe(II),Mg,Mn,Ni\cf1 ]\cf5 Cl\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains Li\sub 6\nosupersub FeCl\sub 8\nosupersub , Na\sub 6\nosupersub FeCl\sub 8\nosupersub ,\f0\'85\f2 , Li\sub 6\nosupersub MnCl\sub 8\nosupersub , Na\sub 6\nosupersub MnCl\sub 8\nosupersub ,\f0\'85\f2 , Na\sub 6\nosupersub NiCl\sub 8\nosupersub  and K\sub 6\nosupersub NiCl\sub 8\nosupersub . Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-tI2F]      \cf4 Sr3Ti2O7\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION A\sub 3\nosupersub M\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\nosupersub\par
(Sr\sub 3\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub  Pearson : tI24; Space group : I4/mmm (139); prototype : Sr\sub 3\nosupersub Ti\sub 2\nosupersub O\sub 7\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 3\nosupersub [\cf5 Mg,Mn\cf1 ]\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains Na\sub 3\nosupersub Mg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\nosupersub , Na\sub 3\nosupersub Mn\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\nosupersub , K\sub 3\nosupersub Mg\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\nosupersub  and K\sub 3\nosupersub Mn\sub 2\nosupersub Cl\sub 7\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-oS28]      \cf4 Na2CrO4\cf3\par
A SULFATE/CHROMATE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Na\sub 2\nosupersub CrO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : oS28; Space group : Cmcm (63); prototype : Na\sub 2\nosupersub CrO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains Na\sub 2\nosupersub CrO\sub 4\nosupersub , K\sub 2\nosupersub CrO\sub 4\nosupersub , Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub . All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-oF56]      \cf4 Na2SO4-V\cf3\par
A SULFATE/CHROMATE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub -V Pearson : oF56; Space group : Fddd (70); prototype : Na\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub -V)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ag,Cu(I),Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 CrO\sub 4\nosupersub ,SO\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the chromates and sulfates of Ag, Cu(I), Na and K. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mS24]      \cf4 gamma-Na2CO3\cf3\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(gamma-Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : mS24; Space group : C2/m (12); prototype : gamma-Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub -A)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub CO\sub 3\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mS2B]      \cf4 beta-Na2CO3\cf3\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(beta-Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : mS24; Space group : C2/m (12); prototype : beta-Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub -B)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub CO\sub 3\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains Na\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub CO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-hR12]      \cf4 NaFeO2\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION AMO\sub 2\nosupersub\par
(NaFeO\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : hR12; Space group : R-3m (166); prototype : NaFeO\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 Al,Co(III),Cr(III),Fe(III),Mn(III),Ni(III),Ti(III),V(III)\cf1 ]\cf5 O\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains NaAlO\sub 2\nosupersub , KAlO\sub 2\nosupersub ,\f0\'85\f2 , NaMnO\sub 2\nosupersub , KMnO\sub 2\nosupersub ,\f0\'85\f2 , NaVO\sub 2\nosupersub  and KVO\sub 2\nosupersub . Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-hP24]      \cf4 hexagonal-REF3\cf3\par
A SOLID SOLUTION MF\sub 3\nosupersub\par
(hexagonal-REF3 Pearson : hP24; Space group : P-3c1 (165); prototype : HoH\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Sc,Y,La,Ce,Pr,Nd,Sm,Eu(III),Gd,Tb,Dy,Ho,Er,Tm,Yb,Lu,Eu(II),Ca,Sr,Ba,U(III),Pu(III),Al,Fe(II),Fe(III),Mn(II),Mn(III)\cf1 )[\cf5 F,Va\cf1 ]\cf5 F\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and two anionic sublattices. Va is a neutral vacancy on one anionic sublattice, related to the solubility of fluorides with a divalent cation.\par
\par
This solid solution contains the fluorides of Sc, Y, La, Ce, Pr, Nd, Sm, Eu(III), Gd, Tb, Dy, Ho, Er, Tm, Yb, Lu, Eu(II), Ca, Sr, Ba, U(III), Pu(III), Al, Fe(II), Fe(III), Mn(II) and Mn(III). All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-G01]      \cf4 Calcite\cf3\par
A CALCITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Calcite Strukturbericht : G01; Pearson : hR30; Space group : R-3c (167); prototype : CaCO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Li,Na,K\cf1 )[\cf5 CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,I\cf1 ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the carbonates, nitrates and iodides of Mg, Ca, Sr, Li, Na and K. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-Arag]      \cf4 Aragonite\cf3\par
AN ARAGONITE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(Aragonite Pearson : oP20; Space group : Pnma (62); prototype : CaCO\sub 3\nosupersub -a)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Ca,Sr,Ba,K,Na\cf1 )[\cf5 CO\sub 3\nosupersub ,NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,NO\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the carbonates, nitrates and nitrites of Ca, Sr, Ba, K and Na. All binary sub-systems have been assumed ideal.\par
\par
\cf3\par
[FTsalt-hR24]      \cf4 ht-(Na,[K])NO3\cf3\par
A SOLID NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich ALKALI SALT SOLUTION AlkX\par
(ht-(Na,[K])NO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : hR24; Space group : R-3m (166); prototype : NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,Br,I,NO\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the nitrates, bromides, iodides and nitrites of Na, K, Rb and Cs. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\par
Although the high temperature forms of NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub  and KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  both crystallize in the R-3m space group, Attenuated Total Reflection (ATR)-infrared and Raman data suggest that they do not have the same crystal structure. Thus, the calculated NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub -KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  binary system displays two terminal high temperature solid solutions (hR24 and KN_I).\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-KN_I]      \cf4 ht-(K,[Na])NO3\cf3\par
A SOLID KNO\sub 3\nosupersub -rich ALKALI SALT SOLUTION AlkX\par
(ht-(K,[Na])NO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : hR24; Space group : R-3m (166); prototype : KNO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,Br,I,NO\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the nitrates, bromides, iodides and nitrites of Na, K, Rb and Cs. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\cf0 Although the high temperature forms of NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub  and KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  both crystallize in the R-3m space group, Attenuated Total Reflection (ATR)-infrared and Raman data suggest that they do not have the same crystal structure. Thus, the calculated NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub -KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  binary system displays two terminal high temperature solid solutions (hR24 and KN_I).\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-tI32]      \cf4 alpha-Na2C2\cf3\par
Na\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub -K\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
(alpha-Na\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : tI32; Space group : I41/acd (142); prototype : alpha-Na\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub C\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains Na\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub  and K\sub 2\nosupersub C\sub 2\nosupersub , and it has been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-hP45]      \cf4 RbNO3-IV\cf3\par
AN ALKALI NITRATE/HYDROXIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(RbNO\sub 3\nosupersub -IV Pearson : hP45; Space group : P31 (144); prototype : RbNO\sub 3\nosupersub -IV)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,OH\cf1 ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the nitrates and hydroxides of K, Rb and Cs. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP4]      \cf4 beta-NaOH\cf3\par
AN ALKALI HYDROXIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
(beta-NaOH Pearson : mP4; Space group : P21/m (11); prototype : beta-NaOH)\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Na,K,Rb\cf1 )\cf5 OH\cf0\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains NaOH, KOH and RbOH.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-cP40]      \cf4 ht-CsNO3\cf3\par
A SOLID ALKALI SALT SOLUTION AlkX\par
(ht-CsNO\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : cP40; Space group : Pa-3 (205); prototype : ht-CsNO\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 K,Rb,Cs\cf1 )[\cf5 NO\sub 3\nosupersub ,OH,Br,Cl\cf1 ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the nitrates, hydroxides, bromides and chlorides of K, Rb and Cs. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-cFZ]      \cf4 ht-Li2SO4\cf3\par
AN ALKALI SULFATE/CARBONATE SOLID SOLUTION \par
(ht-Li\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub  Pearson : cFZ; Space group : F-43m (216); prototype : alpha-Li\sub 2\nosupersub SO\sub 4\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Li,Na,K\cf1 )\sub 2\nosupersub [\cf5 SO\sub 4\nosupersub ,CO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
There are one cationic sublattice and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains the sulfates and carbonates of Li, Na and K. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oS16]      \cf4 RbLiCl2\cf3\par
RbLiCl\sub 2\nosupersub -RbLiBr\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(RbLiCl\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : oS16; Space group : P31 (63); prototype : RbLiCl\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 RbLi\cf1 [\cf5 Cl,Br\cf1 ]\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains RbLiCl\sub 2\nosupersub  and RbLiBr\sub 2\nosupersub , and it has been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mS32]      \cf4 CsLiF2\cf3\par
RbLiF\sub 2\nosupersub -CsLiF\sub 2\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(CsLiF\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : mS32; Space group : C2/c (15); prototype : CsLiF\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Rb,Cs\cf1 )\cf5 LiF\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains RbLiF\sub 2\nosupersub  and CsLiF\sub 2\nosupersub , and it has been assumed ideal.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-mP12]      \cf4 Li2K(OH)3\cf3\par
Li\sub 2\nosupersub K(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub -Li\sub 2\nosupersub Rb(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(Li\sub 2\nosupersub K(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub  Pearson : mP12; Space group : P21/m (11); prototype : Li\sub 2\nosupersub K(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 2\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 K,Rb\cf1 )\cf5 (OH)\sub 3\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
This solid solution contains Li\sub 2\nosupersub K(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub  and Li\sub 2\nosupersub Rb(OH)\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-cP36]      \cf4 Pb(NO3)2\cf3\par
A NITRATE SOLID SOLUTION M(NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub\par
(Pb(NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub  Pearson : cP36; Space group : Pa-3 (205); prototype : Pb(NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\nosupersub )\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Mg,Ca,Sr,Ba,Mn,Fe(II),Co,Ni,Cu(II),Zn,Pb\cf1 )\cf5 (NO\sub 3\nosupersub )\sub 2\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible 2- and 3-phase miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use J option\ulnone\b0 . \par
\par
This solid solution contains the nitrates of Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba, Mn, Fe(II), Co, Ni, Cu(II), Zn and Pb. Not all binary and ternary sub-systems have been evaluated and optimized. Sub-systems which have not been evaluated and optimized have been approximated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-XF4_]      \cf4 (Th,U,Pu)F4(ss)\cf3\par
AN ACTINIDE FLUORIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 (\cf5 Th,U(IV),Pu(IV)\cf1 )(\cf5 Th,U(IV),Pu(IV)\cf1 )\cf5 F\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
There are two cationic sublattices and one anionic sublattice. \par
\par
This solid solution contains ThF\sub 4\nosupersub , UF\sub 4\nosupersub  and PuF\sub 4\nosupersub .\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-AX4F]      \cf4 Li(Th,U,Pu)4F17(ss)\cf3\par
A LITHIUM ACTINIDE FLUORIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\cf1 (\cf5 U(IV),Th,Pu(IV)\cf1 )\sub 4\cf5\nosupersub F\sub 17\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains LiU\sub 4\nosupersub F\sub 17\nosupersub , LiTh\sub 4\nosupersub F\sub 17\nosupersub  and LiPu\sub 4\nosupersub F\sub 17\nosupersub .\par
The thermodynamic properties of LiPu\sub 4\nosupersub F\sub 17\nosupersub  have been estimated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-AX2F]      \cf4 Li(Th,U,Pu)2F9(ss)\cf3\par
A LITHIUM ACTINIDE FLUORIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\cf1 (\cf5 U(IV),Th,Pu(IV)\cf1 )\sub 2\cf5\nosupersub F\sub 9\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains LiU\sub 2\nosupersub F\sub 9\nosupersub , LiTh\sub 2\nosupersub F\sub 9\nosupersub  and LiPu\sub 2\nosupersub F\sub 9\nosupersub .\par
The thermodynamic properties of LiPu\sub 2\nosupersub F\sub 9\nosupersub  have been estimated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-A7XF]      \cf4 Li7(Th,U,Pu)6F31(ss)\cf3\par
A LITHIUM ACTINIDE FLUORIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 7\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 U(IV),Th,Pu(IV)\cf1 )\sub 6\cf5\nosupersub F\sub 31\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains Li\sub 7\nosupersub U\sub 6\nosupersub F\sub 31\nosupersub , Li\sub 7\nosupersub Th\sub 6\nosupersub F\sub 31\nosupersub  and Li\sub 7\nosupersub Pu\sub 6\nosupersub F\sub 31\nosupersub .\par
The thermodynamic properties of Li\sub 7\nosupersub Pu\sub 6\nosupersub F\sub 31\nosupersub  have been estimated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-A3XF]      \cf4 Li3(Th,U,Pu)F7(ss)\cf3\par
A LITHIUM ACTINIDE FLUORIDE SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 U(IV),Th,Pu(IV)\cf1 )\cf5 F\sub 7\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains Li\sub 3\nosupersub UF\sub 7\nosupersub , Li\sub 3\nosupersub ThF\sub 7\nosupersub  and Li\sub 3\nosupersub PuF\sub 7\nosupersub .\par
The thermodynamic properties of Li\sub 3\nosupersub PuF\sub 7\nosupersub  have been estimated.\par
\cf3\par
\par
[FTsalt-oP52]      \cf4 Li4TbF8\cf3\par
Li\sub 4\nosupersub UF\sub 8\nosupersub -Li\sub 4\nosupersub PuF\sub 8\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Li\sub 4\cf1\nosupersub (\cf5 U(IV),Pu(IV)\cf1 )\cf5 F\sub 8\cf0\nosupersub\par
\par
\ul Important\ulnone  : Possible miscibility gaps. \ul\b Use I option\ulnone\b0 .\par
\par
This solid solution contains Li\sub 4\nosupersub UF\sub 8\nosupersub  and Li\sub 4\nosupersub PuF\sub 8\nosupersub , and it has been assumed ideal.\par
The thermodynamic properties of Li\sub 4\nosupersub PuF\sub 8\nosupersub  have been estimated.\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-NaNB]      \cf4 NaNO2(beta)\cf3\par
NaNO\sub 2\nosupersub -NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(NaNO\sub 2\nosupersub (beta) Pearson : oI16; Space group : Immm (71))\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 Na\cf1 [\cf5 NO\sub 2\nosupersub ,NO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
High temperature, high NaNO\sub 2\nosupersub -content solid solution dilute in NaNO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-KNA_]      \cf4 KNO2(II)\cf3\par
KNO\sub 2\nosupersub -KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(KNO\sub 2\nosupersub (II) Space group : R-3m (166))\par
\cf0\par
\cf5 K\cf1 [\cf5 NO\sub 2\nosupersub ,NO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
Low temperature, high KNO\sub 2\nosupersub -content solid solution dilute in KNO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\par
\par
\cf3 [FTsalt-KNB_]      \cf4 KNO2(I)\cf3\par
KNO\sub 2\nosupersub -KNO\sub 3\nosupersub  SOLID SOLUTION \par
(KNO\sub 2\nosupersub (I) Space group : Fm-3m (225))\par
\cf0\highlight6\par
\cf5\highlight0 K\cf1 [\cf5 NO\sub 2\nosupersub ,NO\sub 3\cf1\nosupersub ]\cf0\par
\par
High temperature, high KNO\sub 2\nosupersub -content solid solution dilute in KNO\sub 3\nosupersub .\par
\par
}
 